ignore	The sanctions against the school were a punishing blow, and they seemed to what the efforts the school had made to change?
populated areas	Sammy wanted to go to where the people were.  Where might he go?
jewelry store	To locate a choker not located in a jewelry box or boutique where would you go?
atlas	Google Maps and other highway and street GPS services have replaced what?
natural habitat	The fox walked from the city into the forest, what was it looking for?
television	What home entertainment equipment requires cable?
airport	The only baggage the woman checked was a drawstring bag, where was she heading with it?
refrigerator	The forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old, he found it covered in mold in the back of his what?
blotter	What do people use to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen?
business sector	Where is a business restaurant likely to be located?
grocery cart	Where do you put your grapes just before checking out?
bitterness	Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work?
garden	Johnny sat on a bench and relaxed after doing a lot of work on his hobby.  Where is he?
loss of heat	James was cooling off two quickly.  He would die if he didn't find some way to stop what?
kitchen	Of all the rooms in a house it was his favorite, the aromas always drew him to the what?
louisiana	Bill is stuck in marsh when a man comes up to him peaking Cajun, where is he?
barbeque	What is it called when you slowly cook using a grill?
elderly person	What type of person typically contracts illness?
food court	Where would you expect to find a pizzeria while shopping?
getting full	When eating everything on the tasting menu, what does one tend to feel?
getting tired	What does playing soccer for a long time lead to?
main	Which entrance would you use if you do not want to use the back entrance?
computer network	You can share files with someone if you have a connection to a what?
airplane	The accelerator was controller via a hand throttle, and the foot pedals controlled the steering in the small what?
being found out	Sean was lying about the body, but he was very scared.  He constantly worried about what?
take money	The drug kingpin told his man to run errands, this was code to go to all the dealers to do what they had?
moving	Though he could've kept going his body appreciated the rest, it had been constantly what during the day?
pet shops	Too many people want exotic snakes.  The demand is driving what to carry them?
law suit	Joe suffered many consequences from stabbing a stranger to death.   Among them, the family of the victim did something to him. What was that?
television	To prevent any glare during the big football game he made sure to clean the dust of his what?
speak information	I have something in my head I want to share, what ways can I do that?
subdivision	He wanted a house that was gated off from other places, where should he start looking?
venice	Where in Southern Europe would you find many canals?
light fire	What would a camper need to do before he or she can start cooking food?
saturated with water	What could happen to a paper if you leave it outside even if it does not move?
clear	Mark's semen was very thick, but after his vasectomy it was also what?
beach	What is a great place to lay in the sun?
maine	Where would you find a seafood restaurant in the east coast of North America?
government	The president is the leader of what institution?
headache	Sitting to close while watching TV can cause what sort of pain?
wildlife refuge	Where is a bald eagle safe?
paying	The game promised it was free, but the child's parents soon found themselves doing what for microtransactions?
dangerous	What kind of driving leads to accidents?
stomach ache	What is eating too much dinner likely to result in?
social bonding	What is a person chatting with friends likely hoping to accomplish?
street	Jame's bare feet were burned as he walked, because the sunshine had made the surface hot.  Where might he have been?
california	A fox was thirsty searching for water during the drought, where was he?
healthy body	What might be the result of a season of successful skiing?
proximity	The sensor would just the distance then set off an alarm, the installation expert explained it was called a what kind of sensor?
late for work	The man was eating lunch, but rushed when he looked at his watch, why did he rush?
advisory	The evacuation became mandatory, so what came on the TV?
demonstration	The person gave a good hands on what to show how to do the work?
military base	Where would you see some people doing jumping jacks?
feel safe	The body guard was good at his duties, he made the person who hired him what?
frustration	Learning languages is difficult.  Even in a full immersion environment you're likely to make mistakes, mistakes will cause misinterpretation, which will be uncomfortable, which will cause what?,
get arrested	Jim enjoyed killing people, but he did it too often and the cops found out.  What might the cops do to him?
orchestra	Where is there usually a fiddle playing?
have rest	What is the only was to recover from exhaustion?
apply for job	What would you do if you want to be able to earn money?
headache	What is a grumpy person likely to have?
cause accidents	What do drugs do?
millpond	A beaver can destroy a machines functionality if they build their dam in this?
reach tentative agreement	They decided to hash things out over drinks, after enough booze they were able to get close on a few things and what?
under rocks	Where could a fungus grow and not be disturbed by sunlight?
get smart	Can you name a good reason for attending school?
tennessee	What state south of Kentucky and north of Alabama will you find people playing the fiddle?
heal	Though she made the cut years ago, its figurative scars would never what?
sporting event	Where would you see people in uniform playing with a ball?
city	What kind of place could have a seafood restaurant?
subordinate	Who was the head of the branch yelling at?
respond	He made another call, he did this all day hoping people would what well to his offer?
mall	She needs to visit a bookshop after buying the latest fashion, where should she look?
web page	Where could you see an advertisement while reading news?
skill	What is required to be good at playing tennis?
connecticut	What state is the John Davis  Lodge toll road found in?
circus	The man went to clown college, he had always want to run away with the what?
gain weight	Jamie wanted to reduce her waist size, but all of her efforts failed miserably.  She continued to do what?
death	James felt himself losing consciousness.  He was frightened.  He didn't want this.  He was scared of what?
being bored	If someone is aloof and self-important, what is their experience when meeting people?
construction site	He was receiving workman's compensation, he had tripped over a metal rod while building where?
progress	John and James spent most of their time communicating with each other on their project.  The time required to communicate slowed their what?
fun	When you play around with your dog they will have?
desk	Where would a person keep a book while it's being read?
store	The student needed to  get some new pencils, where did he go?
desire	She loved buying products, she was driven by her what to shop more than any practical needs?
satisfaction	How does getting paid feel?
cant do	The fat man refused to accept what was possible, he complained that he what the simplest activities?
freezer	Where can meat last a long time?
symphony	What group of musicians will include someone playing the cello?
rose garden	Where do bees congregate with red flowerS?
violence	What is someone who gets angry after getting drunk likely to participate in?
knowlege	The teacher told all the students that listening was key, it was the main way they would gain what?
reality	Stanley had a dream that was very vivid and scary. He had trouble telling it from what?
parking lot	The city's community garden was demolished for yet another what?
trouble	WHat do cats get into when they are ripping things apart?
healthier	What is a good result of losing weight?
garage	A person lived in my what?
finger	The skin was cut while chopping onions, where was this skin likely cut?
stress	What might you feel after doing housework for hours?
office	The accountant used a calculator regularly, he kept one at home and one at the what?
present bill	At the end of your meal what will a waiter do?
depressed	If you aren't glad, unhappy or gloomy, what illness may you have?
go to church	You can hear testimony of how spirituality changes lives when you do what?
wakefulness	It was a great rest, she had never felt this much what in the morning?
middle east	Which region has the most famous temple?
field of flowers	Where would you find a bee gathering pollen?
closet	Where would you put a folding chair if you do not plan to use it and you do not have any large doors in your house?
being married	If you're speaking to a lawyer about getting a divorce, what relationship status are you trying to end?
fly	How do geese normally get from place to place?
hands	John was punching and punching at the wall but succeeded only in bloodying his knuckles. This was bad.  He would be unable to hold his tools if he injured what?
big house	Though it stayed strictly indoors, the small dog felt like it had all the space in the world in the what?
suicide	WHat leads to someone's death when they are very depressed?
missing out	She was sick and staying in bed the day of the event, unfortunately this meant she was what?
garden	Where would a lizard surprise a person?
friend's house	They were getting together for the big game, he wasn't hosting but made sure to bring pretty of food with him over to where?
person	Who is likely yo have a caring heart?
pub	I'm looking for alcohol and fried foods, any suggestions?
refrigerator	If I had a jar which was likely to spoil if left out, where would I want to put it?
france	Sam went to Paris where he ordered a blowfish at a sushi place.  Where was Sam?
feel pressure	What will happen to skin pinched in something?
end of line	Sally lost her kite because she wasn't careful.  She thought that there was more string on the spool, but it slipped out of her fingers when she reached the what?.
neatness	The man uses grooming before a job interview, what is he trying to portray?
synagogue	Where would there be many people sitting in chair and listening to religious speech?
lap	Where is a tabby cat likely to be happiest?
united states	East coast areas such as Florida are found where?
have tools	To learn must have the right book, to work efficiently what must one have?
aircraft carrier	What is a mobile launching platform found in the ocean?
burlap sack	There weren't potatoes but actually a snake in his what?
calm	What could listening to music cause you to be?
bridge	If you want to make a big splash in a river with a rock, from where should you throw it?
arrest	What is committing perjury likely to lead to?
applaud	The new play was the go to performance of the year, all the crowds would stand and what?
math problem	"There are 10 apples on an apple tree.  Three fall off.  Now there are X apples."  What is this an example of?
supermarket	Where are people likely to find food?
meet	What might a kid do with his friend before going to play?
knowledgable	What is a person who is well educated?
prison	Ben was an alcoholic and was in an accident.  Because of his mistake, he spent 8 years somewhere. Where was he?
fairgrounds	Where do you buy tickets at a ticket booth for games/
outside	A soccer field that is not contained in a building would be where?
front door	Letters are sometimes delivered by hand through one of these.
solitude	John came to see Sam and Sam kicked him out.  Sam didn't like company.  He prefered what?
home	If somebody likes temperatures cool, they might have more than one electric fan where?
falling down	Sky diving scared him, once they jumped out of the plane he began losing consciousness while what?
wage war	The president had to make a decision regarding the hate attack on his country, what did he do?
sights	What's it called when you have seen something through an eyepiece?
horrible	He had done a great job with the scary decorations, they were completely what?
school grade	If you did well on the test, you might get an A as a what?
work	If you tell you boss your suffering from boredom they'll likely tell you to get back to what?
improved health	What is a good result of jogging?
nailed	What is done to wood to attach something to it?
grassy field	Where is a fox likely to be caught?
house	Where do you put a new dining table?
not noticeable	Sometimes fighting inflation isn't even what, because it is so negligible?
garage	What is likely to have more than one level in a city?
hospital	Where is likely to have a lot of fire extinguishers?
music class	Where would someone learn to play an upright piano?
study	What is necessary for learning by yourself?
plan to marry	John and Jane were a couple.  They were dating for a while and wanted to be together for even longer. For this reason, they did what?
happiness	What emotion does getting paid lead to?
that you	Who is likely going in to a market?
break easily	What is a characteristic of thin glass?
ticket	What do you get for not moving your car during the required time?
city block	Bob's feet hurt from running barefoot on the hot pavement.  I lost his shoes, didn't know where they landed, and had to run from the corner store to his home.  About where did he run?
high school band	Where would you be able to hear a bassoon played in an unpleasing fashion?
winners and losers	John loved competing because he was very competitive.  He liked being about to divide people into what categories?
expensive	The game was on sale.  I got it then because it was usually what?
insubstantial	What could a massive building be if it is not constructed well?
school	Where could a printer be used by thousands of people?
lack of money	What could prevent someone from buying chistmas presents?
have fun	What is the hope of playing sports without competition?
suburban home	They moved out of the city to have a master bedroom, what kind of home did they seek?
graph	What could you add a line to?
family room	Joe bought a ficus.  He thought it would look good in what part of his home?
desk	Sarah wanted to by a new rug.  Ink spilled onto her old one.  Really, she didn't know what that thing had an inkwell in the first place.  What piece of furniture might have been on her run?
learning about	When people discover something new while chatting with friends, why are they likely to continue talking?
see things differently	How can one's views change after learning about science?
disorientation	Traveling underwater has many dangers, such as low visibility causing what?
street corner	Where are people likely to stand at an intersection?
getting cold	Janet knew she was dying from her injuries because she could feel herself doing what?
american city	An expressway can suffer from traffic, this traffic gets worse the closer you get to any what?
city	Where are there more telephone booths?
closer	John moved away from his family.  He was a bit upset that he had to do it, but he needed the job.  Still, he would have preferred it if the job were what?
music shop	James complained that Alexa's electric guitar was too loud and he couldn't get any work done at home,  so she decided that she should get an acoustic guitar.  Where might she look for one?
love	What can someone feeling happiness fall into?
wave goodbye	How might a person address someone who is leaving?
cook dinner	What does a chef do when working in the evening?
feel angry	What would happen to a person if his or her money is stolen?
think creatively	The people in class were instructed to brainstorm ideas, how would they use their minds for this?
dead	Someone lacking immortality will one day be?
getting good grades	After his mother saw his report card he knew he was going to be doing housework, what could have prevented this?
fragile	Glass that hasn't been treated to be extra strong is what?
engine	If you've thrown a rod you've done damage to what?
own cars	What enables most people to transport themselves?
names	What do people in the same family often share?
garden	What is an area with no grass where I can get things to sell at a roadside stand?
pond	Where do kids find fish in their backyards?
wedding	Where must one wear a white shoe?
hand written	James chose to not to print the cards, because he wanted to be more personal. What type of cards did he choose, instead?
look beautiful	They checked the weather one more time during the flight, they were on their way to paradise and wanted it to what?
communicating with others	What are you hoping to achieve when talking to someone?
hair salon	What place of work might you find a hairpin?
players	What can go on a football field?
learn	What has a master of their craft done about that craft?
wasted time	If your watching television and accomplish nothing what have you done?
outside	He was in a cabin in the woods, through the window he saw a fox where?
feelings	The hippy wanted peace with all humans, he had strong what for them all?
inaccurate	He was a very sharp engineer, but when it came to the details his calculations could were often what?
have lunch	In the middle of the day what will someone do because of being hungry?
gaining knowledge	John enjoyed his time visiting the museum.  He wanted to spend more time there, so that he could study the exhibits more.   He was a very academic person and loved doing what?
emotional distress	What will telling many people about an embarrassing situation lead to?
electric refrigerator	The electric motor powered many important things, including one if almost every house. Name this item?
pantry	Where can peanut butter be stored?
home	Where would you play a board game with your family?
car	James needed a garage because he spent a lot of money on what?
stand upright	If I am a person, I have a unique ability to do what?
movie	Two friends wanted to spend a quiet evening together, what did they go see?
lie down	If an animal is tired, what is it likely to do?
race track	Where would you sit in a chair to watch four-legged animals complete?
field	If you were looking for a lemur where would you find it?
office depot	John ran out of pencils.  Where did  he go to get more?
polished	When would you be able to see your reflection in a piece of wood?
embarrassment	What emotion do people expressing themselves show when they trip in front of a crowd and break their leg?
park	He waited for his friend at the squash court, but he was worried his friend thought he meant the at the other end of the public what?
vegetable	When you plant a garden you can harvest what to eat?
city	Where is basketball court likely to be outdoors?
symphony	What could a balalaika be needed for?
victorian house	What type of home is most likely to have an attic filled with historical items?
mississippi	Jackson is a popular city name, but the one with a governor's office is where?
recording studio	Where is microphone boom likely to be used to record an album?
cause death	What is the worst outcome of an injury?
attached	How is someone who loves their TV likely to feel about their remote?
sitting down	The man wanted to take a bus, but all the chars were full of people doing what?
rare	Bob thought that his Pokemon cards were common and worthless, but he was wrong about them. They were really what?
grief	A wife asks a husband to stop being married to her, what is he likely to feel even with friends?
insignificant	The camper looked up at the vast night sky, it left him feeling mighty what?
canada	Though nearby, an apple from an apple tree where would be an imported product to the USA?
pass time	The old man was retired and liked the simple things, he would do crossword puzzle every morning simply just to do what?
fun	What would you change the learning process to be if someone does not like learning?
patience	To properly instruct children attending school you would need a great deal of what?
injury	If done correctly grooming pet's nails generally does not cause this?
attractive appearance	The man was cleaning clothes for his date, what was he looking to achieve?
go on vacation	The person was looking up airline and hotel prices, what was he looking to do?
smooth skin	The person put on lotion, what did they want?
contentment	Eating breakfast in bed can make you feel what, assuming that you don't spill anything?
dress himself	What would an adult man do to get ready for work?
woods	The woman picked from an apple tree while surrounded by other trees, where was she?
shelf	Mom is tidying a house, where would she put the loose dictionary?
death	The judge did not take this part of the job lightly, the man was guilty but it was his passing sentence that condemned the man to what?
dairy farm	Simon bought a cow because he wanted to put it to work.   He didn't want any meat for it.  Where might Simon be taking the cow?
play tag	What would children do if they are bored?
cupboard	Behind what small door are canned goods usually kept in?
pleasure	While laid up in the hospital she tried remembering good times, like that massage on vacation that brought great what?
big city	If I want to maximize my number of potential customers, where should I build a new department store?
toy store	Where is a good place to get a ball?
fire	What common chemical reaction is often used as a heat source?
piggy bank	Where could you put a dollar that would make it hard to get out without breaking?
menu	I'm at a restaurant ans want a glass of milk, how do I find out if they serve that?
classroom	What could contain no more than around 100 people?
battlefield	John joined the army because he wanted to see the world.  When the fighting started, he only saw what sort of things?
family room	where do children play a game?
getting tired	What could happen after driving car that does not involve pain?
house	In what place could you find air that has been breathed by only a few people recently?
liquidated	what happens to a company when it is bankrupt?
soccer game	Blood isn't usually spilled during what sport that doesn't allow the use of hands?
front door	The dog ran to the front window and barked, this is because of a presence at the what?
bus stop	Where would you find a sign with some people lined up next to it?
making money	Sometimes it felt like being able to pay bills was the only reason he was actively what?
symphony orchestra	John just made first violin.  This is  is a position on what?
computer	Where can someone keep a digital file?
washing machine	What appliance uses water and soap?
farmer's market	I am looking to buy honey right from an apiary, where should I go?
business meeting	Where would someone likely bring an attache case?
read book	i like to examine different things,why do books the chapters on the back
happiness	The whole family was playing cards, they were full of joy and what?
neighbor's house	Jimmy wanted a beer but his wife was an alcoholic on probation.  Where might he go?
netherlands	What country has with the capital of Amsterdam has a Fortis bank?
school	What building has a ot of glue bottles?
throne room	The king was to meet an ambassador, where would the meet?
street	Where do kids play with a ball that is concrete?
splats	Diving off a cliff for a cartoon character often ends in comedic what?
getting drunk	Jimmy didn't like going to the party.  It seemed like the guys there did nothing but what?
larger house	Where does a person need to get when they have more kids?
botanical garden	Where would a special ficus be found?
rejection	James is apply for a job that he really wants. He knows that it will be a good fit and he has experience, but he doesn't have all the qualifications that they're asking for, so he's worried about what?
palpitations	What is a sign that you might not be living soon?
falling down	Riding bike through rough terrain can be dangerous, one could find themselves what?
clear	What would a document be if it is not obtuse?
mail orders	For convenience some customers want things straight to the doorstep and use what?
good health	What is a great, but non-specific, overall benefit of exercise?
table setting	Where does a spoon go on one side of a plate?
sheet music	Where is a note likely to indicate a melody?
tennis elbow	what can years of playing tennis lead to?
amusement park	Where would you be going if using a parking lot near a roller coaster?
infect	What does a virus primarily do to a person?
bakery	Where would you go if you didn't feel like baking a cake yourself?
synagogue	Where are floors kept clean for holy purposes?
battle field	Where will a bullet projectile be found during a war?
castle	What is a place that might not always have a queen?
intelligent	What do you need to be to learn hard concepts?
expend energy	Many addicts turn to exercise to deal with their addictions, this is because it is a healthy way to do what?
lark	A night owl is what you'd head at sunset and you'd hear a what at sunrise?
classroom	What place is not interesting to children?
plain	What do rich people like in terms of bagels?
container	A shop will give you what for your purchases?
chess board	Where is small knight likely to be found?
swim	How can you get in shape if there is no land nearby?
criticism	What might a person receive from their boss if they do a poor job?
kitchen	The cabinets were imported from the south. John bought they because he knew that they would look good.  Where might they be installed?
argument	What might two people competing get into?
answering questions	What are ai machines known for doing?
being annoyed	Bob and Boris were standing in a queue at the grocery store.  They were standing in place.  The line was fast, but the children in front of them were loud.   They were what?
great outdoors	A blowfish lives free. He lives on his own. Where does he live?
front door	Where is a paper notice likely to be left on a house?
cruel	People are purposefully harming others, what trait are they exhibiting?
baseball stadium	The child pounded his mitt in excitement while enjoying his first game in the bleachers where?
illness	After eating a dinner of uncooked chicken, what was felt by the poor man?
irritation	The obsessive man was always washing hands, he had even done it so much once that it caused a what?
sun himself	The person is laying on the beach, why would he do that?
big house	The spoiled child's playroom was massive, but only one of many rooms in the what?
birth	There's a lot to reproducing, but it begins and end with new life by giving what?
north pole	Where is known to always have snow?
being understood	What does someone want when having fun with their friends and trying to fit in?
play sports	The parents thought their children should learn teamwork, what were they signed up for?
drink coffee	If a human is sleepy what can they do to feel more alert?
city	What is a place that could have hundreds of sporting goods store?
being mean	The little girl was raised selfish, she didn't even care when she was doing what?
space shuttle	People want to explore space, so what should they use to do it?
botanic garden	Where might I find unusual varieties of roses?
desk	Where would you put a light?
food poisoning	What can happen to you when eating hamburger from someone that you do not know that does not happen when you usually eat a hamburger?
shocked	When he touched the exposed wire he shouldn't have found it surprising that he got what?
arkansas	If one sees a fox and is standing in a landlocked, southern state, where is this person?
heretical	The priest pushed for more orthodox behavior, what kind of behavior was he trying to stop?
breathe deeply	When they got out of the car in the mountains he felt like he was breathing fresh air for the first time, he began to do what to enjoy it more?
red barn	The cow would come outside even after the storm had passed, it wouldn't leave the what?
health center	Where would you get a contraceptive if you do not have one?
earth	Where would a Martian find the Indian Ocean?
apartment	Where would a ficus plant brighten up a room?
fridge	The turkey needed to be kept from spoiling, what is useful in this situation?
gorge	Sam found a giant hole in the plain.  What might this hole be called?
space shuttle	If I have to keep track of how much oxygen there is, where am I?
listen to music	The other passengers on the bus were quite loud, so he put on his headphones to relax and what?
prepare to go	The person knew the police were after him, so what did he do?
satisfaction	After going for run you have a sense of what?
knowledge of music	If you are fiddling through a music book when you should be playing, you probably dont have?
unbreakable	In the movie a fragile man is causing accidents, his hope is to find a person opposite of him who is what?
music store	Where would you get a bass clarinet to take home?
thinking	What will you need to do to decide whether to be seeing artifacts?
cold	Mary wasn't familiar with James, so she wasn't comfortable speaking with him. How might she come off?
space center	It was a vast complex, the launch pad was just one part of what?
building	An electronics store had things damaged from the rain, where should these things be stored?
unhappy	A lonely man committed suicide, why would he do that?
slender	What might someone want to be if he or she is thick?
blisters	He wore the wrong shoes while walking all day, now he has what on his heels and toes?
think	What would release energy, but not mainly in your muscles?
do crossword puzzle	If I am suffering from boredom, and I want to do something with a dictionary, what would help?
puzzle box	What is made out of only one piece?
toy store	When he was a small child he called the giraffe mascot a cow, it was a fond memory of the now defunct what?
school	He had a hard time finding the room on his schedule, it was on the second floor and he got lost in the very large what?
eat corn	Whether it's popped, grilled, or canned people like to what?
feeling of guilt	What happens to the conscience of someone who has been caught committing a murder?
parking garage	Having a car in the city seemed to be more trouble than it was worth, the man still had to walk to and from the what after commuting?
learn about	What is likely to be the goal of telling many people about a new organization?
blacksmith's shop	Where can the legs of a stool be built?
dangerous	How might people perceive someone they are scared of?
train station	Where would a ticket help you to get to a different country?
injury	What happens when someone is playing too aggressively?
further education	What are students trying to do?
mouth	Where do farmers keep toothpicks?
look at	The detective had to analyse all the clues, every little thing at the scene he had to what?
own family	A person with brown skin may share that skin with whom?
motorcycle	If I screw a chain ring onto something, what am I fixing?
table	Where would you put a dictionary while you're using it?
back and	A common saying, Sam thought, was to go forth, also this.
conscious	Someone who is awake is likely to know what's going on because they are this?
collection	Where would you find some swords in your house?
engage	Bill did not abandon the fight, but did what to the enemy?
motel room	A shower is an expected amenity when you reserve a what?
compete with each other	What do humans do when in a race?
modern house	The garage had light sensors and automatic doors, what kind of house was it?
water cooler	Where would you find people gathered near liquid in a workplace?
backpack	Where can you store you tent and keep it on your person?
happiness	What happens to people playing games?
at home	Billy went away because his parents were fighting and he didn't want to stay where?
open meadow	Where could you find a fox hunting when not in a forest?
old people's home	Lindy was a senior.  He lived with his children because he didn't want to go where?
melting	What could be happening near you if the ground is getting wet?
table	Where do most people keep magazines?
chinese food	What cuisine is joked about eating small dogs?
understand themselves	Why might a person go to get counseling?
florida	A water spout was seen in the ocean off the coast of what?
tall	How can buildings like the Empire State building be described?
get laid	The rowdy frat boys shouted they would have fun and do what tonight?
may laugh	What might someone do who is having fun?
lose weight	what is the goal of going jogging?
winter storm	John was stuck in his house.  He couldn't get out the door.  He was very frightened when the smoke detectors went off, but luckily it was a false alarm.  Why might he be stuck?
center	The master control for the Tardis is where in the main room?
raise	The old barn was beyond repair, they had to destroy it before they could what a new one?
supermarket	Where would one find a shopping bag for packing groceries?
happen anywhere	The lady was getting worked up about the article explaining the uptick in accidents in their area, but her husband was dismissive of it stating that accidents what?
anthology	There was a show on television about a ranger who loved flowers, but the next day it was about a gardener who also loved flowers.  It was a what?
get food	They wanted to eat at home but the cupboards were barren, so they had to go what?
jump	How does a flea locomote?
whorehouse	Where are you likely to find a professional prostitute?
candle	If I have a vintage, decorative light source in my possession, what is it likely to be?
surf net	What would you do if you have curiosity about something but cannot leave your house?
being for	Sam was against Allison's decision.  Joe was the opposite.  What was Joe, regarding that decision?
blisters	Why would you not want to be working with wood?
history studies	He was good at traditional science but excelled at social science, his favorite subject was what?
big house	A gentleman is very wealthy and flaunts it, where does he likely live?
city	Where could you find a bookstore?
disparagement	John had a lot of respect for Jill, but not many other people did.  She faced a lot of what?
procrastination	If you have trouble beginning work you're suffering from what?
time consuming	Why is waiting for the doctor difficult for people who need to do work?
see favorite show	If you aren't experiencing curiosity and want to ensure viewing enjoyment, what may you watch?
cash in	The gambler had been winning a lot, he wisely decided to what?
make love	What is a lover likely to want to do with their partner?
shopping mall	Where would you get a bag after someone fills it with clothes?
contaminated	The sample needed to be pure, but the lab assistant got it what?
let blood	What treatment might an old time doctor have tried to accomplish with leeches?
welcome change	What does a person looking for new things in life do?
briefcase	Where would you put a handle if you want to bring it with you?
money	What do you need to have before buying products?
score points	They were competing in basketball, the goal was to what?
fatigue	What often happens after a long day of traveling?
dedication	while luck plays a big role, every person who is great at something has focus and what to it?
hear sounds	What happens when humans are exposed to noises?
learning	What are you hoping to do when listening to an expert speak?
museum	Where is a likely place to view an old copy machine?
wash dishes	What chore might a child have to do after breakfast, before getting on the bus?
warehouse	A large container was a dime a dozen, there were hundreds of rows of them in the giant what?
georgia	The snake was a cottonmouth.  It was an American, from where?
floor	What would you put furniture on top of?
map	Where can someone view a county highway as a line?
heart attacks	Which effect of stress could cause death if not treated immediately?
in cinema	A person takes a seat to watch a movie, where is he?
train station	You can read a magazine where while waiting for your transportation on rails to arrive?
seed crops	The farmer chose plants he could make bird feed from and use of again the next year, he only planted what?
party	Where might you have cake with your ice cream?
city	James lived in the top of a tall tower.  He could see clouds when he looked out his window.  Where might he live?
hurry along	The policemen wanted to clear the scene of the accident, so what did they do to traffic?
pool hall	If you're betting with a shark, where are you likely playing?
louisiana	If one sees a fox and is standing in a coastal, gulf state, where is this person?
cash register	A person writes a check to a clerk, where does the clerk put them?
arena	Where would you find performers on a platform in public?
attic	He was looking for the holiday decorations and found an old box of clothes up where?
city	Where might a yard be tiny?
contagious	What is love when everyone keeps feeling it?
birthday party	A balloon or two is a staple at a what?
grocery bag	HOw do you carry potatos home?
opera	Where are you likely to find a paper program?
playroom	Billy bounced the ball off the wall.  There was a target on the wall for him to bounce against.  Where might he be?
painting	How can an artist commemorate a horse forever.
surface of earth	Where do almost all people live?
human	What is a living thing with a lip?
get drunk	what do you do before going to party?
fearless	The color yellow is associated with the opposite of the characteristic, what is it?
protests	What is another term for instituting civil action?
happiness	If they were celebrating the occasion, how could the occasion be described?
hair salon	The delivery man was delivering a whole crate of shampoo, they went through a lot of it at the what?
medicine cabinet	The man needed balls of cotton, where should he look?
formal garden	Where would I put a rosebush if I did not have any containers to store it in?
artist's studio	Where could you find some large pieces of paper that are not for sale?
produce	James didn't know what to do.  He felt that he'd ruin his relationship with Jen if he took it further, and he didn't want to do that.  At the same time,  He fight that pushing farther might do what to something good?
breaks to help stop	What is important in a car when you are driving fast and come to a light?
carpenter's shop	Bob needs a level to hang a shelf but cant find one in his home. Where would he go to get one?
injuries	Why would professionals playing sports not be able to compete?
orchestra	A musician is most likely to perform a concerto for clarinet with what type of group?
see light	When a newborn's eyes open for the first time it will be the first time the ever?
backyard	Where in a town would you put your shed?
in motion	James's bouncing rubber balls were at rest, and so he could sleep.  He would get up in the morning, and then put them in what state again?
meow	What would you normally expect a cat to say?
restaurant	Where do people find bills with bread?
atlas	If you're traveling along a highway what item made of paper can you use to find your way?
outside	When I was home, I was comfortable.  But I had a crippling fear of going where?
rain forest	Where will a native lemur be found?
san francisco	Where can you eat fruit on a red bridge?
hat rack	Where in your entrance hall can you keep you head wear?
rest area	John's RV needs electricity so that he can cook lunch.  Where would he go to plug in?
middle east	Turkey is a nation in what part of the world?
humor	What makes people happy when it is surprising and unexpected?
utah	If I wanted to see a lizard in its natural habitat but I do not speak Spanish, where would I go?
suitcase	What is not a safe way to transport jewelry on vacation?
settle everything	Johnny and bill fought over money.  Johnny wanted it to be over.  What might he choose to do?
tardiness	The man took 3 hours every morning for grooming, what is the likely result with his job?
human being	Sarah opened his chest and found a second heart.  Her patient might not be what?
cease fire	They launch a surprise attack, this ended the what?
ireland	What European country is famous for its potato industry?
become tired	Dancing for a long time will lead you to become what?
drawer	Where do most people keep their curling iron stored?
seaside town	The shore was now a tourist attraction with nearby little shops, but at one time this what was home to a bustling fishing industry?
talking nonsense	What is likely to happen to someone's speech after becoming inebriated?
new	What gets rid of a mundane routine?
drill	What does a master carpenter use to put holes in objects?
die	When someone falls from a mountain it will lead them to?
deafness	Why is this person not listening to music?
addiction	David hurt all over. He was tired, he was shaking, and he was in pain.  He hadn't gotten what he needed in a long time.  He was suffering from what?
drug store	Where is a good place to buy moistener?
italian restaurant	There was a saucepan used only for marinara, where was it kept?
eat plants	If people are vegetarian, what do they do more of?
musical	The movie had many a song and dance, it was a what?
glee	Danny was having fun singing in front of his class.   He has a lot of what?
computer science	Where is a system of electronic devices likely to be used in school?
evil	After the guilty verdict in the killing the judge gave a speech, he told the murderer he was pure what?
revolution	Changing society using a violent conflict is know as a what?
original	After new coke was discontinued what formula was used?
tree tops	Where is a monkey likely to be found in the rainforest?
building	The billionaire donated a large sum to his former college, this allowed them to construct a new science what?
oxygen	What do humans take in while breathing?
antipathy	Someone who doesn't care about about someone else and wishes them to fail has what feeling towards them?
injuries	What does reckless driving lead to on a person?
port	Many containers full of goods are unloaded where after their long sea journey
africa	Where is a lion likely to live?
fairgrounds	My favorite type of entertainment are rollercoasters and ferris wheels, where should I go?
petting zoo	Where is a ferret getting lots of attention likely to be found?
deny	An attempt to confirm an applicant's reference would fail if the reference does what?
celebrating	Everybody raised a drink and cheered, they were doing what?
listening to music	What is someone watching a person who is playing guitar doing?
pass water	The animals weren't good at swimming, so it was hard for them to do what?
new york	Where is a microphone boom likely to be covering a stock market event?
being happy	John is getting something important.  What does this make him feel?
unpredictable	James thought that giving the AI a secular upbringing would be the better choice.  He felt that the alternative might have results that were too what?
closed	The new kitten hadn't gotten used to what it was allowed to climb on in most rooms, so the owned kept the bedroom door what?
need food	What happens to cats every day?
store	He got a job dancing and waving an advertisement, he got to be outside instead of stuck inside the what?
play piano	What could you do if you want to listen to music?
cupboard	Where do you keep a teakettle?
hockey game	Where are seats most likely bleachers?
hospital bed	Where does someone lay with their leg elevated when it's broken?
cross road	What does a chicken do in a joke?
cure	The disease was spreading fast, so what were researchers desperately seeking?
train station	Where are you if your reading magazines while waiting for a vehicle on rails?
foot	Dry and cracked heels are found on?
bring home fish	One way to relieve your hunger if you live near the coast is to do what?
wall	He needed to check an electrical connection in the house, where did he look?
movies	If an actor is said to be on the “silver screen" where would you see them perform?
card catalogue	He had an index card he had to return, so where did he put it after finding the book he needed?
wall	The shelf was showing signs of instability, what should the carpenter fix to avoid any issues?
high school	Jan went to the auditorium and listened to the speech. Where might he be?
beast	What's the nickname of the monster the beauty loved?
shelf	Where do I put my coffee mug after it's dry?
sporting event	Where are all participants likely to need sports equipment?
grocery store	We were having a canned food drive and I needed to pick up some contributions, where did I go?
london	Where is a telephone booth likely to be red?
elevator	John is a human who is in a wheelchair due to an accident.  Where would he go to get to the third floor of his apartment building?
christmas tree	The mother finished wrapping the very last gift, she then placed it under the what?
fast	The wheel was loose, and threatened to fall off when they were what?
despair	What is someone unintentionally hurting someone else but unable to stop likely to feel?
mail box	One might find theirs open, with the letters that had been delivered stolen.
erections	The man was playfully wrestling with a woman he was enamored with, what was the physiological result?
winning or losing	The teams were evenly matched when competing against one another, what did spectators want to find out?
republican party	Sally was a senior in the House.  What might she be a member of?
skyscraper	Where are a lot of offices in New York?
villa	The small cabin was not available, so they were upgraded to what?
south pacific ocean	Johnny was looking for blowfish in places that weren't near America.  Where would he look?
mexico	John lives in Texas. If he takes the highway South and doesn't stop, where will he end up next?
think	He would finally see idea become reality, never in a million years did he what that this would happen?
movies	A projector displayed people on the huge screen while the audience laughed.  What might they be watching?
wristwatch	Nowadays people have smart ones, but at one time it was cutting edge to have a tiny calculator on your what?
feeling refreshed	What happens when you take a shower after going for a run?
children suffer	What is a negative effect to someone other than a spouse when two spouses are getting divorced?
radio station	What business has a tower to transmit signals?
neighbor's house	Where do you go to meet a friend who lives close to you?
equal opportunity	No matter the background of the person, they should all be given what in applying for the job?
desk drawer	James looked for a pencil sharpener.  Where might he look first?
beach sand	The crab was scuttling but strained when he moved, what was impeding him?
pantry	What is a place where you usually store dishes but not books?
late	What happens to the next appointment when a grooming takes longer than expected?
space shuttle	James is very interested in other planets.  He loved the idea of going to mars, and reads books about it all the time.   He dreams of being on what?
food	What would you put in a container?
control children	Parents often yell in times of chaos, what are they trying to do?
bus stop	Where would you stand in a line and need a coat if it is cold?
internet sites	James was looking for a place to buy bitcoins.  He searched and found a large menu of what?
count	What is illegal to do when you play cards at a casino?
clerk	What could there be in a beauty salon?
corner	where do you typically find a trash can in the city?
back pocket	Where can you store a small notepad on your person?
evaluating	At a state fair judging pigs requires careful what?
anger	What feeling might propel one to instituting civil action?
pet store	John loves animals and he hates animal abuse.  Because of this, john is very careful about the places he goes.  Where might he avoid going?
education	Reading a newspaper gives you a what about local current events?
take center stage	The lady was doing a one man show of her tell story, when the show began she did what?
sporting goods store	Where can you buy a fishing rod?
slow down	What would you tell ali to do if he bumps into you when you are walking?
entertainment	I'm watching tv because there is nothing else to do, what do I expect to get from this?
car trunk	Where would you store a shopping bag if all the seats in your vehicle are full?
jerusalem	What city in the middle east is known for a temple?
read	What do people do to pass time before they can use electronics when fly in airplane?
graduate	After attending school for twelve years what do you do?
pain	When you are expressing yourself by yelling after getting a bruise, what are you feeling?
sailing vessel	The helm is not something you wear on your head. Rather, it moves the masts on what?
music room	Where is a good place to sore a wind instrument in you home?
front porch	To what part of your home is your morning paper delivered?
complete sentences	What do people who are speech therapists do?
buzz	John hated mosquitoes.  It wasn't the bloodsucking that he disliked, it was that the insects made what?
feel more comfortable	She curled up under a blanket to get warm, this made her what on the couch as they started movie?
atlantic ocean	He found the blowfish off the coast of the Carolina's, it was where?
gratitude	He had been doing favors for everybody at work, it was frustrating not getting any what for it?
having fun	The family was playing cards, what would be a reason for this?
driving	What does moving cars entail?
ohio	What area is likely to contain a large village?
wear shoes	What did the business require of everyone walking into their store?
bad time	The woman experienced great joy, but despite that this was a what?
class room	Where would you find a binder containing homework assignments?
somber	Shane was supposed to speak at his fathers funeral.  He was a clown, and acted very ridiculous.  This cheerfulness turned off people who expected the funeral to be what?
room	The college kids weren't known for their apartment decor choices, they used a folding chair inside their what?
idaho	The department store is located in the Northwest USA.  Where might it be?
plane	If you see blinking lights in the air at night, what are you usually looking at?
research laboratory	When a monkey is taken away from their home they are often brought to this place where people wear white coats.
corner	What could you put a table in if you want the table to be in your house?
copulate	John is studying animals.   What is one of the many things he has to watch them doing?
early morning	Sarah thought that she had been home all evening.  That meant that the only time to leave was when?
basement	Where did the person have to walk downstairs to get the tool?
pantry	James was cooking s stew in his apartment kitchen.  Where might he look for a potato.
direct traffic	What do only some types of police do?
illiterate	The child really wanted to teach his grandpa to read, he thought it was wrong that he had spent his whole life what?
newspaper	Where do people traditionally get information about the world?
heat up	The sun was out and the temperature changing rapidly, it was really beginning to what?
perfume	She'd sooner just spray herself with water than the what she didn't like the smell of?
passing grade	What would a person expect if they are competent in their school work?
rocks	Lizards need the sun's heat to regulate their body temperature, this is why you'll see them still on what?
medicine chest	Where did his wife ask him to look first when he complained of missing deodorant?
try to learn	What would a person do if he or she wanted to get good grades?
meeting	There weren't enough chairs for everyone.  What might have to be delayed?
ground	Where does a shadow usually appear?
show appreciation	When we are thankful for getting something what do we do?
might dream	What can happen in your mind while sleeping?
conjunction	What preposition do you use if you want to combine two words?
knowingly	George ruined the surprise.  How did he do so?
change yourself	Some might say that if you want to do something that results in changing society then you need to start from within, to do this what would you be doing?
new hampshire	If I take my heifer out East, where's a place we might end up?
medicine cabinet	Where in your home would you store birth control pills near your toothpaste?
underwater	Where do fish spend the majority of their time?
blisters	What would form on your feet, if you were jogging all day?
soft drink	Water is an important ingredient in what sugary beverage?
every city	Where should you find a school in?
entertain	She a deep love for all her friends, every Friday she had an open invitation for them as she loved to host and what?
plantation	What were southern institutions where slaves do the labor called?
binder	What divider stores papers for work or school?
bookstore	Where is a notebook often purchased?
french government	The circus monkey waived a white surrender flag, the conductor joked the monkey must work in the what?
cellar	If you're afraid of spiders what should you avoid owning?
zoological gardens	Where would one find a captive monkey?
dangerous	If you are driving too fast on an icy road you are being what?
judge	Who said ignorance was not an excuse for the crime?
three feet	A yard is made up of what?
new experiences	If someone is outgoing what are they likely to seek?
dissipate	What has happened to a person's money after he or she has used the last of it?
fort knox	Where is the strategic gold reserve in the U.S.?
care for children	What is a parents primary duty?
hockey game	What sport is the audience the loudest at?
shopping center	Where can you find a place to eat and places to buy items of many different kinds?
wires	If electrical equipment won't power on, what connection should be checked?
wrong house	If children get confused walking home where may they go?
control	A government seeks what over it's people?
get news	If I recieve a letter from a friend over seas, why might I read it?
cupboard	Where above your kitchen sink could you store canned food?
every town	The graveyard was important to build, where should it be built?
countryside	The people wanted to take the scenic route, they chose the highway that cut through the what?
party	Where would you see a performer at a gathering of you friends?
england	Where is a road known as a motorway?
few people	What is the opposite of hosting a crowd?
income	You are seeking to provide yourself what when you're applying for a job?
female	He called bull when his friend said a bull can be what?
kind	How might compassionate thoughful be described as being?
economic instability	What could fighting inflation cause if it is not successful?
have fun	They took a break from all the rides to have lunch, while eating hamburger they talked about how they were going to what on the next ride?
brother's house	James drove his niece to her father.  Where did he drive?
open boxes	The teachers needed to get their classrooms ready for the school year.  What is one thing they might do?
were very tired	We do not have rest, so how are we feeling?
fast food restaurant	Where can you purchase food and eat it at tables?
magazines	What could you buy in a bookstore?
small talk	If you socialize by having trivial conversations it is called what?
need for rest	The kids had been having fun all day, there was now a what?
medicine	Sarah took poison by accident She found it in the cabinet and. thought that it was what?
save money	Some stores trick women to buy products, the sales make it seem like if you buy more you what?
curiosity	If a person is seeing new things, what do they most often feel?
regular	A strong laxative will help you keep what kind of bowel movements?
freeway	Where would there be a connection to go to another place?
work in life	What does god want people to do for money?
mouth	What part of the body are lips on?
pocket	Where would you carry a pen as you go through your day?
chicken	What white meat goes well with potatos?
going to court	What is the result of instituting civil action?
may die	If you hit someone while driving what could happen to that person?
answers	Why do people engage in chatting with friends in class?
factory	Where would a human expect to find manufacturing operations?
bedroom	The man didn't like getting out of bed and stepping on the cold tile, so where did he put carpeting?
soup	You'd add pepper and salt to what liquid meal if it's bland?
shout at	How can you get the attention of a person across the room?
animal shelter	Where can you get a stray small dog?
relaxation	What is something that you feel when you go to the opera?
staying there	What do people want to do when they love a place that they are going on vacation in?
poker game	A shark swam in the background aquarium as the card players sat emotionless, what were they playing?
drugstore	Where can someone purchase a contraceptive device without a prescription?
schoolroom	Where would you find a desk normally occupied by a young person?
clothing store	Where can you buy socks and jeans?
countryside	Where did the compassionate farmer allow the heifer to reside during her last days?
car show	Where would people be looking at some things which can move, but are not moving?
disneyland	People celebrate by going places and riding rides.  What's one obvious place people might go to celebrate?
open ocean	The shark was migrating between continents, where did biologists find it?
town	Lilly owns the only kosher deli in the area.  She isn't in a heavily populated area.  Where might she live?
shopping malls	Where do  you park in the parking lot with shopping bags?
legal fees	Stopping being married to one another was a costly task, the lawyers and their what were astronomical?
fruit cocktail	What does one chop us a grape for?
tennessee	What is a place that could have tens of thousands of fiddle?
ungulate	James used the cannon to shoot at something while seeking lunch. It was overkill.  What did he shoot at?
kill yourself	What will happen if you are successful when committing suicide?
library	James was a student who had a report that is due tomorrow.  Where might he spend most of his time today?
populated area	Where could you find many theater?
tie shoelace	His running escape didn't last long once he tripped, perhaps he should've thought to what?
residential neighborhood	A school is most likely to be located in what sort of zone?
michigan	James went to the best steakhouse outside of the South.  Where is James?
say you're welcome	If I wanted to thank someone for saying I have done a good job, what would I do?
street	The window of the Honda was hit from the inside, not the outside. Where was most of the the broken glass found?
die of starvation	What happens to people when they do not have enough food?
dinner	Utensils are used during what evening activity?
math book	Where can you learn about operations with numbers?
butterflies	What creatures performing pollination are loved my millions?
avoid eye contact	What is a common sign that someone is lying?
aggression	The friends loved competing against one another, it was a good way to work their what?
night sky	james loved the stars.  In the wilderness, they lit up what?
fall asleep	Deciding to watch tv or play with your cell phone might be a routine but they provide no help in being able to do what?
create art	Everybody has a little bit of creativity, but only a few lucky ones get to do what for a living?
row boat	What type of water transportation is human powered?
singing	What could someone be doing while performing that cannot be enjoyed by deaf people?
anger	If you're standing in line and the line isn't moving what might you feel?
swimming pool	Bob is in a dressing room.  He's putting on waterproof trunks and goggles.  What sort of facility is he most likely visiting?
spend money	What do customers do in a store?
do work	There are many cubicles in the office, they all have computers for employees to what?
closet	If I wanted to store dirt in my home, where could I put it?
flea market	He was selling all his collector items even the rare plate, he had bought a lot at the what for the weekend?
airplane	What is a fast but expensive way to send small cargo?
solar system	The star had 4 rocky planets and 4 gaseous planets orbiting it, what was it part of
step forward	I need a person to milk a cow would a volunteer do this?
space shuttle	Food must be freeze dried before it is taken on what vehicle?
socialize	What is a useful activity when experiencing loneliness?
power down	His day at the office was nearing an end, he went to the start menu on his computer to do what?
shop	If a person wants to buy a radio, where are they likely to go?
laughing	What does someone chatting with friends do when they hear a joke?
trunk	Where might someone find old clothing?
acute angled	If something is obtuse, what couldn't it be?
intelligence	Learning usually leads to greater what?
selling out	The artist knew that this was the peak of his fandom, so he decided it was time for cashing in by doing what?
come home	Sam didn't like the people he met while traveling.  What might he do to get away from them?
awesome	The children saw superman fly overhead, what did they exclaim as a result?
authentic	Illegitimate designer handbags will not have a certificate of what?
michigan	What state shaped like a glove has a lot of farmland?
filing cabinet	What office furniture stores paper files?
cemetary	Where should an excavation never take place?
nebraska	Where can I find a steakhouse with a view of corn fields?
going to jail	If you harm property after starting a fire where are you likely to end up?
neat	Having your marijuana in bags help keep it what?
large city	What kind of place could have thousands of statue?
kentucky derby	Everybody seemed to have a horse not just the regular gamblers, which event always brings out the biggest crowds to the sport?
doctor himself	A person is alone in the woods and wounded, what should he do?
more funding	Why would a company be going public?
surface of earth	The human looked down longingly as he sat in the orbiting space station, what did he miss?
walking out of	How can a person end up stopping standing in  puddle?
curry	What  might john order at an indian resturant on top of the space needle?
pennsylvania	What eastern state is home to a mountain?
house	Sam left his muddy shoes in the entryway.  Where might he be?
drink tea	What would a person do if he or she just woke up?
torso	He curled up and tried to fall on his shoulder so his arm or what wouldn't take the hit?
grocery store	If I need deodorant, where do I go to but some?
relaxation	Why might a person take a vacation?
card game	What are people playing when they want to take the lead with small papers?
drugstore	Where can you buy a hairbrush along with bandages?
wedding party	Who sits at the center table at a receeption?
mall	The clothing was extremely expensive compared to other places, where was it likely purchased?
printer	What do you fill with ink to print?
table	Where would a restaurant put a candle?
fast food restaurant	What is KFC who serves chicken?
underground	Where does a marmoset not usually go?
laugh	What is a child likely to do while going to play?
restlessness	What prevents someone from getting sleep at night?
superior	Reaching advantage position in a competitin puts me in what position as compared to others?
office	I wanted  a side chair for people to visit me while I worked, where did I have it put?
basement	where do you store wine?
agony	John spent too much money buying products for his swollen testicles.  He did so because he was feeling what?
competence	People always talked childlike to him, even though his disability was physical and didn't affect his what?
state of union	What is the biggest speech in the capital?
own home	A person with children might have a lot of plastic things in what place?
edge	What do people look for when competing against someone?
california	The swimming pool couln't be refilled due to drought regulations, where was it located?
isolation	What is a person likely to feel when they are abandoned by everyone after they stop being married to someone else?
marriage	A bride and groom are taking care of proposals, what is the likely ceremony?
surface of earth	Three quarters of what are covered by the ocean?
popularity	Why would a person be approached by a lot of people?
talent	She had a knack for entertaining, everybody told he she had a what?
shower	Where would someone be likely to store a double edge razor?
theater	When people want to watch a new move, the often go see it at the?
feel happy	What might a satisfied person do?
shelf	Dave put his beer where he could get to it, but it would be off the floor.  Where did he put it?
dirty dishes	Eating breakfast with a large family leads to a pile of what in the sink?
theater	Where would you buy a ticket to sit in a room with a lot of chairs facing the same direction?
small case	If I wanted to store my chess pawn when I wasn't using it, what would be a good place for that?
generous	If you're known to buy presents for others often you would be called what?
michigan	There aren't many anemone in what glove-shaped state?
piano	The keys were black and white, what were they attached to?
school together	They don't get grades or sit at desks, but crowds of fish do what?
have knowledge	What kind of people will someone who is in charge of project look for?
say goodbye	Where you have finished a conversation with a person what do you say?
have legs	What do you need to run after ball?
aircraft carrier	Where could you find some airplanes that are not being used?
spinning wheel	She was processing the wool, she kept her leg bouncing to operate the what?
table	Where would you put a computer other than a desk?
candy store	Where do you buy treats for kids over a counter?
harmful	Long term consumption of beer can lead to all sorts of problems, it can be quite what?
snoring	When going to sleep what noise does a human make?
standing still	The boy was too nervous to dance, so what was he doing progressively at the ball?
hotel	Where could you find a laundry room that is only used by staff?
body of water	Where does a beaver leave?
big city	What is the opposite of a village?
joy	What does someone living life fully feel?
landscape	The artist didn't use many colors to capture the view, he was famous for his very plain what?
watch film	When you experience boredom, what can you do on television?
lake	It had a beach with shallow water, while not the ocean this was a hot spot all the locals enjoyed on the what?
sadness	What would happen to you if you are not good at playing violin?
freezer	Wanting to avoid the cabbage spoiling, where did he put it?
learn from each other	If people listen, they can understand each other better.  If they understand each other, they can do what?
zoo	What place would a person go to look at zebras?
bathroom	Where might a human sit for extended periods over a bowl of water?
friend's house	The window across the street was broken and John felt guilty. He never meant to damage what?
redemption	If I have a forgiving attitude toward someone, what do they receive?
appear suddenly	I was shopping at a car dealership, what did a salesman do?
accomplish	The fact the two sides were able to even reach tentative agreement was a feat to what?
wave on	The police man was waving flares, what did he do with the impatient car?
television	Where do you watch garbage?
train station	In what place could you find air that has been breathed by many people recently?
fast food restaurant	What business uses lots of potatoes?
pass sentence	What does a judge do when someone is convicted of a crime?
university	Where do security guards usually drive around in golf carts and protect young adults?
house	The man needed flooring, where was he looking to install it?
health department	Where can you find pamphlets regarding diseases and ailments?
sit down	What would humans do when their legs are tired?
earth	What planet is the atlantic ocean part of?
ignorance	Mark wanted to know the truth, because he didn't want to continue existing in what?
cow	What animal produces milk?
hospital	Where is disease often spread but shouldn't be?
body of water	A beaver builds structures to block what sort of feature?
body armor	What would someone wear to protect themselves from a cannon?
populated area	Society cannot exist without numbers.   They only rise up in what sort of spaces?
wyoming	Where is a snake likely to reside?
motel	John couldn't find a place to stay, and he didn't want to waste money.  He picked a place that was inexpensive and offered few luxuries.  Where might he be staying?
repair shop	Where does someone not happy to take their car?
college	Bill bought an upright piano but didn't have anywhere to put it because he lived where?
orchestra	Where would you hear a viola along side many other string and brass instruments?
exchange	Traders work on the floor of the stock what?
charming	To gain her trust the real estate agent was very polite, delightful and all around what?
maps	What could you find at a bus station that can help you?
wine press	Where are small grapes used?
mass hysteria	Rumors of roving bands of monsters killing people could lead to what?
inspiration	Remembering past successe is likely to cause what?
spreadsheet	What would you use if you wanted to make some columns of numbers?
fairgrounds	A person notices popcorn, cotton candy on the grass, where is he likely?
getting bored	What happens when people are waiting for something?
office	What corner areas have lots of windows?
complete sentence	What would a person do to help someone that is not able to speak coherently?
conquer opponent	In war, your primary method is combat, but your goal is to do what?
unnecessary	What would something be if you do not need it?
laundry room	A person would carry a large netted drawstring bag to what sort of place?
police station	The investigator considered the gun evidence, where did he send it?
bible	Where would you read a passage but not write it?
study	Where could you find an armchair that is used by only a few people?
humidifier	My house is very dry, with little water in the air. What tool should I use to fix this?
doors and windows	What do all rooms facing outside have?
two ears	What do all humans have on the side of their head?
concert hall	Where is one likely to hear a harpsichord?
frustration	She had been applying for job for weeks with no call back, she knew she was qualified, so what did she feel?
appear beautiful	What usually happens to people who are models?
airport	What has highly criticized security?
frequent	How often are secular parties held?
losing weight	Why would I want to be exercising?
urinate	Why would someone be wet after being full of fear?
look attractive	A person is putting on makeup, what is their likely goal?
growth	What will happen to your knowledge with more learning?
blowing hard	The wind tore off the shingles, what was the wind like?
solar energy	Dan outfitted his house to run on the oldest heat source on Earth. What is the oldest heat source on Earth?
farm yard	Where is a horse likely to live?
enjoy	Why does she sing so much?
lake superior	Ice fishing can be done surprisingly far out most winters on what greatest of the Michigan's greats?
basement	Though he was an adult he still stereotypical slept on a sofa bed in his parent's what
desk	James kept a clipboard where he could easily find  it.  Where might he keep it?
table	The mother was worried about all the spills, so she bought a rug for under the what?
cupboard	If there is a stale smell in the air coming from the kitchen, what should one check for the source of the smell?
problems	What would cause someone to use invitro for reproducing?
wet ground	Why shouldn't you walk barefooted after the rain?
sum	What will all the differences equal?
reproduce	What would be considered a success when attempting procreation?
utility room	The janitor got his pail out of where?
health	The doctor recommended washing hands, what was being promoted?
linen closet	The cloth's are not yet placed where they belong, where should we put them?
record store	Where is one likely to purchase listening vinyl?
remarkable	Sally took her medicine and experienced strong side effects.  What did doctors say about the side effects?
play piano	What is a student about to do if they are sitting in front of a number of black and white keys?
learn to read	The robot shockingly began to read book after book, it had apparently done what?
carry people	What is the purpose of the cabin in an airplane?
office supply store	You can buy a pen here.
floor	What should the bean bag chair sit on?
tromsø	This city in Northern Norway is filled within things to do like Polar Nights half marathons and located in the middle of the Northern lights oval, which city is it?
office supply store	Where can you buy a binder?
airport	James was delayed for a couple of hours because he had a connection.  Where might his connection be?
chemistry lab	Where would you find isopropol alcohol and safety glasses?
walking	The man tried to run, but he could not. He could that he could only move by doing what?
hands	Collections of atoms called molecules make up everything you can hold in your what?
thoughtful	What is the opposite of foolhardy?
gym	Where can you get in shape and drink at a juice bar?
group together	What is an way for people to meet with each other?
eat grass	What do horses do to get energy?
bus stop	Where would you see some people standing on a line near a road?
bamboo grove	The museum made an odd choice for the koala display, they put the stuffed creature in what area where you'd usually find a panda?
exhaustion	What does exercising immediately lead to?
read book	There are a lot of ways to relax, for this person it is simply opening one up and what?
feel sorry	If a person does something to hurt someone else, they might do what?
garden of eden	Where was the apple tree said to contain something forbidden?
candy bar	There is a lot of sugar in what food that fits in your hand?
office building	Where do you wait in a reception area for a meeting?
rhythmic movement	She was bad at dancing, so what basic skill did the instructor teach her?
hall	Billy's mother tripped over a stuffed animal.  She yelled at him not to leave his things where?
listen carefully	A student wants to hear what the professor is saying, what does he do?
get tired	How would someone feel after going for run?
school	If a student was about to graduate, they would no longer be attending what?
pay bills	What are adult people usually expected to do?
junk yard	Where would you dispose of a broken icebox?
honest	Mary was a bad girl, but she was always open about that.  People liked her because she was what?
sea world	Where may I view sharks in a clear tunnel?
less confusion	Dan said that getting in line was the best choice because it would lead to what?
school	Where could you find a theater which only has unpaid actors?
holding	The competition was to see who would be the last one the drop the object, the hard part was you had to have your arm extended straight out while what the object?
guilty conscience	Why would someone confess to committing murder?
opera	Which long saga will we be watching on tonight's program?
fabric store	She wanted to make a quilt of velvet, where should she look?
city centre	What is a convenient place for a bus station?
small group	The crowd wasn't that big.  It can better be described as what?
cupboard	Where would you put silverware once they've dried, but you're not ready to use them.
egg carton	After bringing eggs home from the store in what are they held?
desk drawer	Where would you put an account book if you are leaving and do not need to bring it with you?
air out	If clothes have developed a smell and can't be washed what should you do with them?
exhilaration	What do you feel from playing football?
petrify	The wood became fossilized, what did the paleontologists call it when they found ti?
toy store	What is a place that someone can go buy a teddy bear?
distress	What might the inability to learn cause?
school children	Who does the government help with schools?
new hampshire	A small dog is lost in New England, where would it likely be found?
bound	What do you do to hold loose papers together?
with people	People were talking on the corner, who were they talking with?
pleasing	He finally found someone as ugly as him, knowing he wouldn't be the one sticking out was what?
hear crowd go mad	The band enjoyed their success and fans, they loved to what at the start of every concert?
exchange of ideas	During the brainstorming session there was a lot of talking and what?
office	Where could you find multiple ruler that are owned by different people?
cleanliness	Why is grooming often recommended to greasy teens?
retail store	We want to try some new barbecue sauces, where should we buy some?
museum of natural history	Where can you see a mammoth in NYC?
jar	Where could you put some olives to prevent them from getting nearby food wet?
sit	When having food at a formal place, what do you usually do?
pond	What body of water is typically shallow water?
nodding	How do you indicate that you agree wtih someone?
pressure	James wanted to stop competing.  What might he have been feeling?
mouth	Always wash your hands before eating, you don't want to get germs onto food and inside your what?
tomb	The explorers found a central passage, much to their delight it led straight to the ancient buried what?
hedgerow	Along what feature will you find a rosebush?
trunk	A man was driving himself to the airport, where did he put his luggage?
special	What is someone likely to feel after receiving a gift that is not common?
united states	The banjo finds it's history in the Caribbean, but it's probably most famous where?
strain	The print was extremely small, as he was reading letter after letter he began to suffer eye what?
good karma	If I am forgiving, what hidden force may be activated in my life?
errors	When playing baseball they keep track of mistakes, this stat is called what?
relax	What does someone need to do to begin creating art?
large room	If I have a reception with many people attending, where should I be sure to hold it?
ink in	What should you do if your pens aren't work?
architect	Who designs a building?
coastal area	Where is a bay always found?
sail boats	What past time are people engaged in when they are traveling along liquid?
shopping mall	Where can you find a movie theater along with other stores in one placE?
hock	The man on the street corner was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to what it for drug money?
home depot	The man needed to buy flooring, where was he looking for it?
eyes opening	Bill was awaking, what was happening to him physiologically?
pleasure	Why might someone want to be buying beer?
transistor	What kind of radio does someone use to reach base?
smell smoke	The person turned the oven on and put a pizza in, what happened one hour later?
bite	You weren't suppose to touch the wild animals, they could what?
complications	Danny hated helping people.  It always brought what?
better job	A person who wants to make more at their job but can't will often need to find a what?
wet	What could happen to you after you see some beautiful clouds above you?
zoo	As a human in a large northeastern city, where can you see animals?
make payments	What is something you do  in a bank?
old cheese	Where would you find fungus growing on something made from milk?
new mexico	When a snake prefers warm, sunny weather, where would it likely want to live?
own home	The jar was plastic, just like most of the stuff in the kitchen.  John preferred glass, and wished he was somewhere else.  Where does he want to be?
buy	When she went to examine the thing, what was she considering doing with it?
engine	Where would you find a metal rod in most people's preferred method of transportation?
skill	The man set the cup on the table.  It didn't matter.   He didn't heave anything to put it on, and he lacked the what to balance it?
bar	Where do you buy a glass of wine?
friend's house	If a human wants to enjoy another human's company, where might they go?
coffee	It was breakfast time.  Brad ordered eggs, toast, and something to drink. What might he drink?
health club	You might head to the locker room after getting a green drink here.
work hard	Humans do what when they are motivated and need money?
known person	Billy wasn't a stranger, but they hadn't spoken to him often, either.  How would you describe him?
study engineering	What should a student do if they want to learn how to build a bridge?
subway	Where do people read newspapers while riding to work?
utility closet	A student puked in the cafeteria, the janitor retrieved his bucket of sawdust from the what?
become tired	What can happen after doing housework that does not involve pain?
warm climate	What would make a wet marmoset happy?
interesting	Math competitions are for those who enjoy the subject or find it what?
drink too much	What do people who are celebrating in a bar do sometimes?
bright light	Sam didn't expect to see something like that underground.  He used his hand to shade his eyes from what?
fear	What emotion does committing murder induce?
walk	What would children do if they need to get somewhere, but they are tired from running?
end of line	Why is a period likely to be on a page?
diner	Where is a good place to get an old fashioned cup of coffee?
reviving	When a person from a polluted city decides to go to the country and is breathing fresh air, what sensation are they seeking?
classroom	The student realized that he left his writing instrument at his last place of study, where is it?
meeting	What do employees have when they want to have a group discussion?
headache	Many prefer a happy and clean home, but for some lazy people doing housework is one big what?
bathroom	What room of the house is the scale kept in to weigh yourself?
flowers	What can an apple tree make?
table	I brought the mail in, where should I put it?
eye	Where can a grain of sand cause a person a lot of pain and possible damage sight?
pizza	Where is tomato sauce delicious?
smiling	When someone is having fun how can you physically see it on their face?
dinner	What meal would you find on your serving dish in the evening?
shake hands	what can a dog sometimes be taught to do?
liquid	Some people really loved beer, they call it what gold?
well fed	The person burped loudly with satisfaction, he had been what?
detroit	Bill picks from an apple tree in southern Michigan, where is he most likely to be?
television	James wasn't a repair person, but even he knew that he didn't need a freon coin in a what?
regret	what might someone feel after hurting someone else?
work in school	What might a teacher do most during a week?
office	Where might I find pens with a company logo?
countries	What is the world full of?
searching for	Finding information in an old library requires what in a card catalog?
fishing rod	Gary bought stock in a fortune 500 company before going off to the tournament.   He also bought a new what?
sword	Fencing is a sport in which participants use a what?
television	What does one watch garbage reality shows on?
internet cafe	Where might you find a computer user that is visiting a foreign city and didn't bring their own computer along?
garage	Where can you keep a fire extinguisher in the house if it's really big?
punctured	Why would you be unable to use a basketball?
fast lane	Where would an automobile drive in order to get somewhere quicker?
watching tv	The college student much preferred reading during her free time, her roommates on the other hand preferred what?
nature	Where do you find wild cats?
enter school	What does a child have to do in order to officially become a student?
restaurant	Where would you only need a shopping bag if you did not finish what you got there?
horrible	What is killing usually thought of as?
increased knowledge	What might someone get from learning about science?
civilization	The introduction of industry greatly expanded human what?
run away	The cat saw animal control approaching her, what did she decide to do?
severe	How bad is the punishment for someone who is over indulgent?
swimming pool	Where would you bring some towels other than to a shower?
eat fish	What do people do if they are near the sea?
military	Where might an army captain be found?
murdered	What happens to people in horror movies who die?
age well	The man loved his cheese, especially old ones that what?
bowl	He didn't have a clean plate so he ate the meal in a what?
bad breath	Eating breakfast of garlic might lead to some what?
dale	The mountain was one of many that surrounded the what below?
meditate	The class was billed as a way to improve yourself, the instructor told everybody to close their eyes and what?
kitchen	A hinged door is not always found in which room of the house?
coral reef	In what location would a blowfish be most happy?
rug	Where would footprints be left on a man made item?
wage war	What can a country do when it has jealousy but a person cannot do?
employability	What would attending school help with?
england	What place has tens of milliions of back garden?
pretend	The children thought it was a good movie, they began to play they were in the movie and what they were the characters?
fur	What grows from all mammal skin?
share food	When people get together for a potluck what do they do?
losing money	The investor had promised profit, but he had been what?
continue learning	A person doesn't have to keep going to school to what?
geometry	What kind of class uses a triangle?
space shuttle	How does a person go to space?
able to hear	If you listen to someone what skill do you have?
demonstration	The product was not meant to be sold.  What was it for?
most cities	Where would you expect to find a hospital?
foreign	When not in your home country you are?
schoolyard	Where can the children leave their bicycles?
become sensible	What is a computer unable to do?
feet	I wanted to stand up, what would I use to do this?
kitchen drawer	Where would you put a teaspoon if you are not using it?
bedroom	If you want to set a romantic atmosphere you might light a candle where?
field	If you were looking for a grape, where is one place where you probably wouldn't find one?
winter	She caught the first snowflake of her life on her tongue, she was naively excited to be spending a what in a region that actually had snow?
wall	Where is a good place for a window in a house?
outside	Working in the vegetable garden everyday is good for you, you get to spend time where?
airport	The bus stop implemented a size restriction for luggage, where was the bus stop going?
funny	What causes someone to laugh from something surprising?
serve	He retired from his command after twenty years, he was proud that he chose to what but was ready to retire?
excitement	When someone is seeing new things in a positive environment, what do they feel?
kitchen cabinet	Where is an empty dish usually stored?
conversation	What might two people have before returning to work?
apartment	James bought a hide bed sofa because it was space efficient. Where might he live?
garage	Where is a bicycle likely to be safe?
experiment	What is a fun way for children to be learning about science?
falling asleep	Sarah was watching a film, but she missed the middle.   She closed her eyes in the beginning and when she opened them the credits were rolling.  What did she do?
headache	When one is using computers for a long period of time, what might happen to the human body?
cabinet	What is likely to have an enclosed shelf?
bring rain	What are dark clouds likely to do?
swimming pool	Even if was clean and chlorinated, shallow water wouldn't make for much summer fun in your backyard what?
drink beer	What is a privilege to being an adult?
neighbor's house	Where is the closest sofa located that isn't in your own residence?
destroy enemy	The video game featured an anger bar that you charged up to more easily do what?
broken bones	What is likely the result of falling from a height?
countryside	The city was very bright this time of year.  There was a much smaller population where?
grocery store	where do you typically buy apples?
comparison shopping	What method does someone use to get the best price when buying products?
historical novel	Where is a knight likely to be a hero?
tall building	What can steel be used to build?
daytime	Evening comes after what?
loose	If you stretch out your socks they will then have what kind of fit?
talk	When meeting a friend what are you likely to do over coffee?
conference	Where was he one speaker of many?
very heavy	The child couldn't lift the box of lead, it was what?
movie theatre	I pay someone in a ticket booth for tickets to "The Greatest Showman."  Where am I likely to be?
going to court	What would you be doing if you are bringing suit against someone?
end of line	What do you take fish off of when fishing?
warm place	Why does a lizard lay on a rock in the sun?
bleeding	If you poke yourself with sharp knitting needle what will you start doing?
store room	Billy's boss told him to get a book from a high shelf, so he took a stepladder from what?
cross river	What is the benefit of ships if there is no bridge available?
preschool	Where would you find a playroom with very young children just starting their education?
phonebook	Where can you find someone's number written on paper?
conference	Where could you learn about someone's paper?
dangerous	What is water rapids that are choppy considered?
weakness	What does a building have if it does not have solidity?
competitive	Man probably invented sports because of its instinctual need to be what?
map	What might one use to figure out the best route for travelling?
cast shadow	If there is a source of light behind a tree what would expect to happen?
fork	The child was scorned for scratching the plate with his what?
television	Where might I hear and see information on current events?
learn	It is a teachers job to help students commit to memory new skills, what is the teachers main job in the classroom to help students do?
understanding	Contemplating a concept can lead to what?
making music	What does playing guitar cause a person to do?
town	Where could you find only a few place to stay?
tomb	If you find a bone wrapped in clothe, where are you?
fainting	If you lock your knees while standing in line, what may you experience?
tidepools	On a family vacation, where might I visit near the shore to look for crab?
demonstration	If I am a spectator at a trade show, what am I likely watching?
dawn	They party animals starting drinking in the evening and weren't done until when?
bloodshot eyes	Getting up early was new for her, she needed some drops to clear up her what?
cupboard	When people look to store their plastic cutlery, what do they use?
art museum	There were many features displayed, but most were where for the one particular gallery?
delicious food	A person who is successful at bringing people to the table probably makes what?
retail store	Where do you get a new shopping bag?
bowling alley	Where do you throw a ball down the lane?
library	Where would excitement not be allowed?
crawl	Female ants don't have wings and can only get around by doing what?
suitcase	Where would you store a book that you're taking with you on vacation?
wild ride	The cowboy was having fun atop the bull even though it was a what?
joy	Disney has an entire ride dedicated to getting what to the world?
arm	Where on the upper body do people want to remove hair?
pass water	The animals were not thirsty, so what did they do when they were by the river?
sleepiness	The children were going to play, the parents encouraged it hoping it resulted in what?
control computer	A person who fears A.I. has a main fear that man will lose the ability to what?
orchard	Where should you be careful of bees after drinking cider?
getting paid for	Sally thought that the people she hired were entertaining, but that was what she expected.  After all, it was what they were what?
free person	John was a servant, but he was paid for his work.  What was he?
apartment building	His long walk home wasn't over, he lived on the tenth storey of a walk up what?
big cities	Where is confetti thrown from the rooftops?
worthy	Dan thought that he was bad.  But hid Queen disagreed.  She knighted him.  She thought he was what?
theater	There was an attendant at the door to keep light from coming in during the show, it was a big premiere night at the what?
tell time	What do you use a clock for?
opening	Sean stared at his door all night.  He was scared that he might see it doing what?
work in teams	When there are group projects, how do people normally work on them?
doorway	Where would you find a welcome mat in a house?
bus stop	Where might one find a bench of people sitting before they are taken away?
firm	He was trying to buy a new mattress, he wanted something soft yet what?
alone	Sam didn't care about what company he kept on Christmas.  He just didn't want to be what?
spend money	If you want to buy you must what?
mall	Where can many merchants have their stores under one roof?
office	Where is a copy machine likely to be?
sweating	What will happen if you get warm too much?
go to school	What do you to learn new things as a kid?
have fun	A skateboard can have a steep learning curve, but once the basics are mastered you can what?
theatre	Where can you can enjoy music in public ?
house	James wanted to add space for an extra guest, so he bought a hide bed sofa.  With that he'd be able to have two people stay over, one in the guest room, and one on the sofa.  Where might he have been?
north sea	The crab was feeling cold in the water, where was he stuck?
sporting goods store	Where would you get sports equipment if you do not have any?
new jersey	A human is hitch hiking near Hoboken, where is he?
england	Where do people drive on the left on a motorway?
austral	In what region is a centavo uses?
chinatown	Where might you go to buy silk?
urban area	Sally didn't know what she planned to do.  She was going to remodel her front garden, but she couldn't because of zoning rules.  Such was the perils of living where?
arkansas	Billy thought that there wasn't any point to hunting foxes. Besides, it was too dry to find many.  Where might he have been?
shopping mall	His favorite general store had most things, and if it didn't it was conveniently located with other shops in the what?
lobby	Where would the reception desk be located in a hotel?
large	Sarah was not a little girl anymore.  She learned the hard way when buying new clothes.  What size might she have worn?
direct sunlight	The plant suffered in the shade, where did it need to be planted instead?
ocean	Where would using a boat require navigation skills?
grocery store	The man needed a toothbrush and some food, where did he go?
euphoria	Janet likes dancing.   The swaying and the music gives her a feeling of what?
store food	What is the purpose of a box in a supermarket?
mansion	What kind of structure are in if there is a large chandelier in the foyer?
country club	James wanted a hot tub just like the one at the spa he visited, but he didn't want anyone to know about it.  He was afraid that if the neighbors knew, they'd all want to use it, and it would turn his house into what?
road	They pulled off to the shoulder of the winding mountain what?
pocket	Where in your shirt can you keep your plane ticket?
books	Where do people look at pictures with a story?
bed	James put a blanket on the floor to cover the burn marks.  Where might he have gotten the blanket from?
stupidity	Sarah thought that buying beer with a fake idea was a good idea.  She just wanted to enjoy herself. But it turned to be anything but. What did it turn out to be?
employee	In a company a chief oversees what people?
incorrect	If I want to do a math problem in a proper way, what should I check for?
orbit	How does a meteor travel around galactic objects?
old man	The story was interesting, the character grew to become a baby boy after starting out a what?
california	Bob was tossed from his boat in the pacific ocean near the United States.  He sees a shore to the east and swims toward it. Where is he most likely swimming to?
relief	It was something that had weighed on him his whole life, finally discovering truth was a what?
farmland	Where is an apple tree likely found in abundance?
music store	Inside what would a listener most likely hear a new student trying a clarinet?
conference	The projector displayed slides on the wall as the presenter talked to the audience.  Billy wished he didn't come to this event.  Where was he?
tradition	The person changed because what demanded it?
westerly	A wind from the east is often referred to as a what kind of wind?
motorboat	The helm is the steering control of what powered leisure vessel?
written material	What do you need to have before you can begin reading?
email	What should you reply to if you get it while at work?
sun set	After the sun has risen what happens at the end of the day?
bouquet of flowers	What would a bee like as a gift?
contribution to society	What does a person who is considered good known for?
need money	A retired person may have to return to work if they what?
own home	Where would you find the nearest attic?
conquer	The great general had suffered his first defeat, it now seemed there was truly nobody his opponent couldn't what?
madagascar	Where could you find a monkey in the wild?
michigan	Where would the steakhouse include a view of a Great Lake?
tent	John bought a small butane stove.  He knew that he couldn't use it inside because of the fumes, but he could use it outside.  What structure would John most likely use the stove outside of?
closet	She got home and needed to put away her shirts, where did she put them?
propitious	Sarah felt bad about their odds. Billy disagreed with her.  What did he think about their odds?
family reunion	It was the first time they had met their new niece, it was good to have everybody together at the annual what?
hear things	Why would someone be listening?
hospital	The dental office handled a lot of patients who experienced traumatic mouth injury, where were these patients coming from?
band	The upright piano helped what get a better sound?
great outdoors	A shark isn't something you have to worry about at the lake in the woods, but there are plenty of dangers in the what?
mail box	Where would you find pamphlets when they're delivered to your home?
strip mall	You can find a clothing store often at what outdoor collection of merchants?
office building	Where are you likely to find a cubicle for many corporations?
video store	Where did people used to go so they could watch a movie in their home?
arrive late	If a train is behind schedule what is it likely to do?
amount to nothing	A person fear failure, what does he thing will happen?
paste	The man became more efficient at his work, he learned shortcuts to copy and what?
work	What does one do at an office?
fatigue	Much like a jaunt on the treadmill, thinking hard and long can cause what?
reproduce	Birds do what by laying eggs?
defend yourself	What would I do if I was being attacked?
hotel	Where can you spend the night on the ground floor when you're away from home?
true	The person was bad, but everything he said was what?
swimming pool	Where is it likely to find a beach towel?
lubricate	They began to copulate, someone used spit to what?
embarassment	What will happen after answering questions incorrectly?
office building	Where would you find many computers in a group of work spaces?
lay eggs	How do birds have babies?
desk	Where would you put a rubber stamp after using it?
underground	The potato wants to grow, where should it be placed?
get back to work	Their union had settled and they would go off strike and what?
concentrate	What is needed mentally to ready one's self to begin detailed work?
disneyland	Where do kids go that does not involve water or buying something?
taxi cab	John bought a ferret at a pet shop.  He couldn't take it on the bus, so he called something else.  What might he have called?
meet	What do you need to do with a friend before going to play?
peace	If you're going on vacation on a deserted island what are you hoping to achieve?
post office	I needed to send a piece of mail, where did I go?
kiss each other	What is a way that people who are dating great each other?
venezuela	What country would you not find a marmoset in the continent south of North America?
time test	The teacher has activity planned the students probably won't enjoy--- what was it?
many different colors	If you were to take Communion on a Sunday morning, what you expect the glass on the walls to be?
tall building	Sally went to her office, which was on the 8th and top floor.  Where does she probably work?
kissing	What does a couple do at the end of the sleighing ride?
sustaining life	What does breathing do for living things?
contrast	What is the opposite of something being liken to something else?
cathedral	Where could you hear an organ being played?
nice family	If a person is supported by those closest to them what do they have?
shelf	Food is usually stored on what in your pantry?
murder	When can a person's death not be wanted by the person?
kitchen cabinet	The child wanted his cereal bowl and knew he could reach it, where would he find it?
house	James used an axe and a saw to chop wood, shape it, and make a shelter.  He kept adding wood to it, building it bigger and bigger, until it became a what?
phone	What do you use when chatting with friends that aren't in the same place together?
funding	One thing that you need to do when opening a business is to secure lots of?
killing people	What are armies having to do when the countries are waging war?
having fun	What is a good thing about playing football?
canada	In America, what is the nortern-most country where an apple tree can grow?
nice to	Being able to forgive is a way to be what?
answers	Sam  spent time chatting with friends about important things because he wanted to get what?
south	What part of us is virginia in?
school	Where do kids gather in the entrance hall at the request of teachers?
injustices	If someone is committing perjury and it leads to convictions what has been committed?
get money	What happens when you cash in?
game playing	If you are playing poker, what are you doing?
picture	They saw a fox at the park, they tried to get their phones out quickly to get a what?
university	The poet wanted to promote his new literature to literary majors, where did he go to do so?
cramps	He was hiking for miles, what did he suffer from?
dump	Where is refuse stored for a long time?
accomplish goals	The woman spent her evenings working hard for herself. What did she do with her tasks?
lose weight	If someone were to gain a lot of fat their doctor will likely tell them to do what?
diary	Where would you write down a passage?
orchestra	Where can you find many musician with people listening to them?
contract	Billy found himself agreeing with Dan. They knew each other since childhood.  They didn't need what to make an agreement?
bed	Danny was a human.  He needed to catch a flight, but stayed to long in an object made for humans to relax in.  Where might he have been?
lower	What do we do if we rise something and want to put it back down?
dying	The fight enemy choice had led him to a grave injury, he was now what?
satisfaction	The teacher's pet loved answering questions, each correct answer brought her more what than the last?
sunny days	The person was sick of the cold rain, what did he long for?
switzerland	His hotel had a view of a famous mountain, he sampled chocolates, and did more during his visit where?
cave	Where could you find a long, dark passageway?
doctor	Where are magazines usually old?
constant	George hated changes to his salary. He wanted his supply  of money to be what?
post office	Where do you send mail over a counter?
desktop	James bought a new monitor and unpacked it.   He discarded the packaging materials and connected it.  What did he connect it to?
fishing boat	People use a knife to clean their catch on what vessel?
baking soda	The pioneer went to the general store for baking supplies, what was he looking for?
novel	He wore out his dictionary as he worked on his what?
going down	What happens to a person falling?
new york city	Sean wanted to go to the Met, so he took a subway stop in what city?
drink beer	What do adults do at a cookout with friends?
stay here	George was away from home for the first time.  He didn't have any place to go, so I offered to let him do what?
surf net	If you're suffering from boredom what can you do on your mobile phone?
disneyland	If disneyland were to be built in California, why would planners choose that state?
stress	If a person is shy, what do they feel when meeting people for the first time?
people to think	What might be a reaction if I were to start communicating to others?
increase	What happens to the temperature if you turn up the thermostat?
house	Jane's baking oven was broken and she was afraid to use it.  She didn't want to burn what?
locker room	Some kids are shy in school, so taking a shower where can be intimidating?
whatever	John would do anything because he didn't care.  He would do what?
toy store	Where would you get an action figure if you do not have one?
own brain	He was studying anatomy, he knew that the main artery in his neck provided blood to his what?
basement	Where can fungus grow on walls?
sitting down	John couldn't arise from his position, so he remained at his desk. What might his position be?
person	What might have a drop of flood on their fingertip?
england	The heir to this country's throne isn't the prince of it. What country is it?
orphanage	Where might a child go who has no home?
bodies of water	Crabs crawl along the bottom of what?
gain weight	Why does this person eat so much?
stand still	Someone who gets nervous and doesn't know how to dance might do what when they attempt to start dancing?
automobile accidents	Almost everyone who has been driving a car has seen or been in a what?
plentitude	His want for more was insatiable, a what wasn't enough?
fruit market	Where can you buy grapes directly from their growers?
purse	Where would a woman keep a dollar bill?
locomotion	James spent a lot of time walking long distances.   He walked not because he liked it, it made his feet sore, nut because it was his only means of what?
prisoner	He never took for granted living in the land of the free, for he was once a what abroad?
two hands	Most people have what which they use to carry things?
peace	Nations agreeing with each other will lead to what?
carpet	If I want to keep my floor covering down, what should I put the tack in?
faces	Lips are found on a person's what?
useless	Sam thought that his efforts were necessary, but in reality the accomplished nothing.  They were what?
shop	What is a place that sells suntan lotion but not food or medicine?
death	I was driving a car and had a heart attack at 80 mph, what awaits me?
brown hair	People are genetically most likely to have this on top of their head?
table	Where would you put condiments if you are planning to use them soon?
going to jail	Where will someone go for killing?
supermarket	Sally bought bubblegum. Where might she have gotten it?
depression	what does getting divorce induce in someone who doesn't want it?
park	Where would you find a trash can while enjoying the great outdoors?
sit	He didn't have the attention span for reading book, so he would just what and pretend he was reading?
new york city	James owned a historic deli.  It had some protections that helped him keep it open.  It was an important landmark where?
bearable	If something is very hard but you just manage to be able to do it, it can be called what?
planetarium	Where is the sky fake?
were religious	Before the game some players knelt to pray, they did this because they what?
ship's hold	What is the name of a place where cargo is stored?
cry	Visiting museum was an emotional experience for the old veteran, he hid it best he could but he began to what?
square shape	The rooms in the experimental home were quite unique, they weren't the traditional what?
trial	How does one decide if instituting a particular civil action is fair?
convention	Where are people who do the same kind of work likely to gather?
become full	What happens after eating dinner?
run aground	What would cause a ship to stop moving?
run out of steam	What is a train-related expression for exhaustion?
hospital	Where would you find a lot of beds?
chicago	Where can you find the tallest skyscraper in the mid-western U.S.?
anxiety	What might having a check up lead to for some people?
accomplishment	He was competing for the prestigious prize, though it had no money, what was he seeking by attempting to get it?
pantry	The flour was stored away from the kids so they couldn't play with it, where was it?
oscilloscope	The teacher explained it used a cathode ray tube like other screens, but this what measured things?
rejected	If a contract is not signed it will be?
hardware store	Where can you find cord along side nails and bolts?
diminishment	The climber was suffering elevation sickness, his wits were suffering what?
seizure	James was watching TV when he saw flashing lights that did something bad to him.  What might john have had?
not very much	How much money should we print if we want to fight inflation?
have money	What must someone have in order to shop?
show affection	The always greeted each other with a kiss, it was a simple way to do what?
backyard	There was a dog, it was barking loudly.  James wasn't scared of it though, because it was confined.  Where might it have been confined to?
deck of cards	The magician guessed it was a king, he was very good with a what?
turn left	If you see cars with a light blinking on the driver's side what does that indicate they will do?
own property	If a person is looking at houses, what is their end goal?
switzerland	The dairy cow farm was special, it provided all the milk for the big chocolate company from where?
marching band	If playing the saxophone wasn't enough, she also had to learn the choreographed moves on the field to perform with the what?
feeling good	John spent an hour in the bath just relaxing.  He enjoyed the sensations of it. He liked doing what?
iowa	You can see bald eagles along the Mississippi in what state?
friendship	James wanted to socialize more because he felt he lacked what?
poland	What country has the carpathians and is the furthest in the direction of the side that won the U.S. Civil War?
plebeian	In the Roman Empire a person who was not of noble birth was called a what?
painting	Where might a motionless horse be?
idaho	The farmer sought an apple tree cultivar that was hardy in the western United States, where was he looking to plant it?
delicious food	What does a person want to get at a restaurant?
drinking	The teenagers were celebrating irresponsibly, what were they doing?
feel loved	The mom liked giving assistance to her children, why did she do it?
nest	What does the bird have in tree?
strip mall	It seemed weird to have a dental office located next to a candy store and fast food location at the what?
kansas city	What relatively small area is known for its steakhouses?
four seasons	Most people recognize that earth experiences a set of distinct what?
good lover	Why would a person stay in a relationship with  a man?
barrel	The playroom had many classic toys, the child spilled out each and every plastic monkey out of the what?
serious	When someone isn't ridiculous at all they are what?
rural area	When not in a city where would expect to see a bald eagle?
large house	The drawing room was one of fifty rooms, where was it located?
moon	Joe thought that the reflected sunshine made something look beautiful.  What might Joe be looking at?
water cooler	If you have an empty glass and are thirsty, where would you put the glass?
leave	Samantha decided to join the game, but there wasn't space. She had to stay on the waitlist until someone else did what?
food	The drink was very sweet.  To maintain his calorie count, John thought that he should have less what?
lead pencil	Graphite is referred to as lead in what writing implement?
go sleep early	What can we assume about people who get up early?
museum	Where would you go to see a sword?
record player	He was a bit of an audiophile, he replaced the stylus almost as often as he switched albums to listen to on his what?
tropics	Where does a lizard that needs warmth likely live?
misunderstood	The picture was clear,. Obviously, there had been a what?
happy	What does everyone try their whole life to be?
anxiety	What causes meeting people to be preceded by meditation?
stupidity	Billy hated watchign the turtle move.  He couldn't stand the silly parts.  He was annoyed by all of the what?
congress	Where would you go to argue about important bills?
garage	Where would you be unlikely to find a freezer?
supermarket	The lady had limited time and had to buy many things, where should she go?
appliance store	Where would you get a freezer if you do not have one?
headache	If you were doing housework and there was a lot of dust, what can it give you?
hotel	The first or second floor is the safest from fire when you sleep where away from home?
stadium	Everyone crowded around the toilet during a break in the event, where was the toilet?
social approval	When chatting with friends you admire, what are you hoping to achieve?
neighbor's house	There was no food in Danny place.  He had to go across the road and ask for some. Where might he have asked for food?
swimming pool	Sally and Joe were burned by chemicals because they ignored the signs.  She had chemical burns in her vagina.   Where might they have been?
best	The board game instructed that you must conquer opponent, only the what would come out on top?
see like	What happens when friends observe something at the same time?
nausea	John didn't like eating the hamburger.  It made him feel what?
bus depot	Where would you find a group of travellers who are travelling by road?
human	Steve breathed in deeply, using his diaphragm.   The diaphragm is a muscle.  Name something that has muscles?
castle	What doorway is likely to have a large wooden door?
amazon basin	Where could you find a monkey, elephant, or zebra enjoying a drink?
move	John saw an insect using its legs to do this.  Mary saw some insects using their wings to do this.   What is this?
go to bed early	What is the best course of action for a person to take if they want to get up early?
university	Where are you when you need a pencil during a advanced theoretical physics speech?
fun	Art, playing music, and other hobbies are great ways of expressing yourself that can be great what?
countryside	Where is a variety of birds likely to be?
adequate	The living conditions were poor, but the building wasn't condemned as they were still barely what?
eastern united states	Which coast are toll roads not near the pacific ocean on?
shopping bag	Where would you put tin after you buy it?
department store	Where can you buy clothing, sporting goods, and housewares?
toy store	Where can you take your kids to buy things for them to play with?
males	When they say dogs are a man's best friend, they aren't talking about just whats?
exhilaration	When a person climbs a mountain and is breathing fresh air, which feeling are they likely to have?
frustration	What might an unsuccessful writing program cause?
orchestra	Where is a flute likely to be in a pit?
brains	Sometimes people say that someone stupid has no what?
ground	Where would you put a ficus if you do not want it to get your carpet dirty?
in crowd	She was distracted in thought in class, she felt alone even what?
wall	Where could you make a hole with your fist?
wimbledon	Where would you find a tennis court made from red clay?
sit down	If you legs are tired and you need to have a rest you should do what?
becoming tired	What happens to most people after playing tennis all day?
bar	Where does a television often display sports?
drink	The animals all knew the importants of fluids.  They also knew what was safe to do what?
disastrous	The king gave a speech about it being an auspicious day, but he was assassinated in the middle of it making it actually what?
drinking	When having food it is common to do what other act of consumption?
drink alcohol	What might someone do too much  of if they are experiencing stress?
own kitchen	Where does a small farmer keep a potato after it's done growing?
travel abroad	How can people gain new perspectives?
anguish	If a murderer killed people related to one's family, the family members would feel what when crying?
theater	Where would seats be used to watch a movie?
various situations	John is an omnidiciplinarian. Where might he find success?
open	If I wanted to go through a door, but it was closed, what would I have to do to it?
book	The small child liked looking at all the pictures of the animals and hearing his mom say the accompanying rhymes, but the jellyfish was his favorite animal in the whole what?
mop	If you're wet cleaning a floor while doing housework, what do you need?
rainy	Beautiful lightning strikes happen on what kind of day?
sleep at night	Drinking alcohol can make me lose this?
fireworks display	What are you likely to see on Independence Day?
suitcase	Where can a shirt be found in a hotel room?
stopping to think	What do you do to make sure that you are remembering?
bar	Where can I drink beer or any other alcoholic beverage?
remorse	After killing people in a rage what is someone likely to feel?
fast food restaurant	Who is likely to use too much salt?
smiling	What did the friendly man do when meeting knew people to show he was happy?
west	Where does the sun set?
broken bones	What is likely to someone in a skiing accident likely to have in more than one place?
disregard	John tried his best to care for Kate, but Kate kept throwing herself into danger.  He couldn't stand her what for her own safety?
disposed	The agent of change had a loath feeling for the king, he would set for a plan to have him what?
university	A poet may need to go where to achieve learning as an adult?
cupboard	Where would a kitchen towel be found?
polite	Answering questions followed by saying, "sir" or "ma'am" is an indication that you are what?
punch	Matt had issues controlling his anger, what did he do when someone set him off?
compete	When two people are doing the same thing, what do they tend to do?
meet new people	Billy liked going to the party.  He enjoyed mixing.  He liked to do what?
auditorium	After checking in at the ticket office the couple entered their prom in the school's what?
do nothing	What would a person do if they saw a bully make a person cry but they wanted no trouble?
conventional	The hipsters tried to take a disingenuous kooky approach to their cafe, they were soon out of business to the competitor who took what kind of approach?
desk drawer	Where is a ballpoint pen best stored?
end of line	If you cut when waiting at the ticket office, what should your punishment be?
working hard	Success is usually a product of preparation and what?
office building	What professional space is likely to have an air conditioner?
existing	The key to happiness while living life is to do more than what?
buy groceries	He had said he would cook dinner, but first he needed to what?
happiness	Stopping being married to each other might seem like a negative thing as it is an end, but it can also be a beginning that brings what?
tell story	James and Jenny are good friends.  They spend a lot of time together and usually get home late.   Jenny is very smart and James likes to hear her doing something. What might James like to hear Jenny do?
grocery store	If I go to a bank to get money, where could I go next to get household items and food?
peaceful sleep	If someone is free from guilt what are they likely to achieve?
love	Danny hasn't experienced all that it means to be human yet.  He is missing something important.  What might he be missing?
agree with each other	What is it called when two people have the same point of view?
smile	What could happen after you were hiking for only a short time?
bus stop	Where might people gather while they are waiting for a ride across town?
real estate	I want to make a fortune selling houses, what should I study?
dry skin	She had a bad habit of washing hands over one thousand times a day, what did she experience as a result?
say mass	If there are people watching a priest, what is he doing?
listen to radio	What can you do while driving to work that involves sound but does not require you to move your mouth?
wilderness	Where does a marmoset roam free?
monarchy	What form of government is most associated with kingdoms?
contempt	Manny refused to give the court respect, and was charged with what?
america	Where does the red cross respond to a storm?
civil service	The sloth of a man was convicted of the crime caused by his apathy, he would spend at least a hundred hours finally doing a what?
chair	They were all sitting down and getting comfortable, this doesn't always necessarily require a what?
get tired	The dog loved to run after ball, it would do it over and over until it would what?
park	Where can a human relax?
public place	Where could you find many people standing inside?
move mountains	What can large amounts of water do over long periods of time?
zoo	Where would children go to see different animals?
feeling good	What can be the feeling of someone  giving assistance?
farming community	John lives in a farmhouse.  There are many farmhouses close together.  You might describe this place as what?
gods	Zeus was one of many men that were this in mythology?
misunderstanding	Why would you stop chatting with friends?
good at	The friends enjoyed getting together to play cards, even though one of them always won because he was what?
feel guilty	John hated lying.  It made him do something.  What did lying make him do?
aggression	If competing with others what emotion is useful for getting an advantage?
michigan	Where would a dance club be the furthest in the same direction as the side that won the Civil War?
board vessels	The Coast Guard is a police force that often does what?
breathe air	When you swimming underwater you must come to the surface so you can do what?
theatre	What event would a well dressed person visit a box office for?
freedom	What does someone gain from getting divorce?
panic	The chief of police was answering questions as fast as possible, what was he trying to avoid?
in competition	What do you compete against someone in?
england	Where are you likely to find a corner shop selling hats?
new perspectives	How can someone use their thinking to do things a new way?
oven	What is a good way to get food hot?
rush around	When children are in a hurry, what might they do?
death	If you have an underlying heart condition, what might running twenty six miles cause?
hardware store	Where would you get some tin if you do not have any?
get in shape	Why do people start to play sports at the gym?
spare time	If a person has nothing they have to do they are said to have what?
come home	What does a person do at the end of the day?
applied	The work was pure math.  It couldn't be what to practical applications?
clean room	How does a maid start her work?
lunch box	Where do kids in elementary school keep grapes?
law suits	The man needed representation for arbitration, and a professional decided on giving assistance, what are they trying to avoid?
entertainment	Why do people go to see others playing baseball?
flustered	He tried to remain calm but his wife was completely what?
houseplant	When their litter box is full where might a cat go to the bathroom?
refrigerator	How is cheese kept freshest?
build houses	What do people who are construction workers do?
canada	Where might an expressway leave the Us to go?
communication	What is needed when creating art that includes singing?
library	Where is there likely to be a large volume of text?
witness	Who take stand in a trial to help a case?
stomach ache	What does eating hamburgers to fast lead to?
open eyes	When you want to see new items what do you have to do?
music	Each generation thinks the next's what just sounds like noise?
military base	Where do soldiers not deployed eat their food?
celebrate	The work was done and it was a success, it was now time to what?
winch	The steel cable could be used to pull the tug if Steve had what?
satisfy hunger	What does eating lunch accomplish?
metric	He needed to convert an inch measurement, to what system did he look?
think	The team was able to communicate effectively, they knew what each other would what?
white house	The president keeps his pajamas where?
gym	John is in a dressing room changing into shorts and sweat pants.  What sort of building is he most likely to be in?
make reservations	Sam likes to eat in restaurants, but he always forgets to do what?
polite	What does a server need to be to serve customers well?
linen closet	Where would you put something after an iron has been used on it?
in danger	Though they were more safe in the basement the weather still put them what?
heartburn	What burning  feeling is eating hamburger in large amunts likely to cause?
jazz band	John plays brass instruments in a band that has a lot of diverse people in it and many different instruments.   They mostly play at clubs.  What sort of band might he be in.
timing	Waiting for a bus that has already came and went would be an example of bad what?
watch tv	Washing clothes at the laundromat was time consuming, most people waited and would do what?
country club	Where do investment bankers hang out in the suburbs?
freedom of expression	The person was shocked when the FBI talked to her about some facebook posts, what did the person want?
work	The teacher could write off paper clips, this was because they were necessary for her what?
cape kennedy	The class got to tour the launch pad, one student looked up imagining all the shuttle launches from where?
shops	You'd find a metal rod or two in welding, home improvement, and manufacturing whats?
box	When deciding how to shop cereal, what decision to most cereal manufacturers make?
washington d.c	Where can you find the U.S. federal government?
radio	What can you use hear other people but not be heard yourself?
imprisoned	If I'm not free, what am I?
church	Where do I store folding chairs for religious experiences?
afghanistan	When the US is at war, where will it likely drop bombs?
air	He was having a hard time breathing, on top of the mountain it was thin what?
tiredness	The toddler is awaking from a nap, what doesn't he feel anymore?
object	If you think that the surface of the road is not good, what would you do?
stay alive	What does a person try to do in a dangerous situation?
plant flowers	What does a person do in a garden?
voice mail	He turned off his phone to avoid every single call, all anybody was going to hear from him today was his what?
south american country	A monkey with a knife was spotted picking bananas from a tree.  Where might that monkey have been?
learning more about	The artificial intelligence was constantly analysing the data, it was programmed to always be what?
snowball	In December how can you throw water at your friends?
truck stop	John is drinking down the highway and he's quite lost.  Where might he go to buy a map?
laughter	Jerry was entertaining because he had a super sense of humor.  He brought what to many people?
flight of stairs	Where would you find a railing you hold on to while moving up?
nature	A snake is not something you want to come across on a plane, but it's most likely to happen while out in mother what?
new york	Where do movies often depict a subway station?
careful listening	What do you need to be able to understand testimony after hearing testimony?
disperse	All the students had to gather for the announcement, as it wrapped up the students began to what?
patient	Who might end up with a wound from lying in bed?
form crystals	How does water become ice?
known about	Sarah wanted to surprise her husband. He failed because he had already down what what regarding the trip?
retire	What does a police officer in their sixities?
driveway	Where is a good place to be an automobile?
will not starve	What is the goal of a poor person having food?
fish market	He didn't know a blowfish was edible, he was surprised to see it at the what?
dining room	Where do people usually have a table?
cabinet	Sally wanted to keep her saltshaker some place where she could find it but where it would be out of the way.  Where might she have put it?
space shuttle	How might we get so far up into the air around Earth, we cannot be seen?
war	Which horseman of the apocalypse is often depicted next to death?
weird	How might people acting quirky and abnormal be described as?
hen house	Where would a loose weasel cause the most destruction?
wear jeans	What might people do to protect their legs from getting dirty on the farm?
erections	When a man is watching tv and a nude women comes on, they tend to get?
bones	The only thing left of the ancient giants lizards are fossils and what?
cabinet	Where is a good place to find a plate in the home?
laugh	If your joke is funny you will not experience surprise if someone does what?
fall asleep	Some people hate attending meeting, they're worried it'll bore and they will what?
entertainment	Why do parents tell kids to play games?
street	What does a bus station have to be near?
experience	What do you want to do when you go to performance that is interactive?
lies	What does someone committing perjury likely doing?
conference	What sort of hall do you have a large meeting in?
tsunami	People often describe what as a giant wall of water?
ring	What do people break into a brownstone to steal?
brown	She enjoyed the song, it was a famous one about a girl with eyes that where what?
being tired	What may jogging make you feel like?
headaches	Why would someone not want to be cogitating?
cub	A wild animal got in and destroyed the carpeting, who is likely at fault?
church	Where does an audience come every week to listen to a person speaking?
play	The children all got their shot to become actors, the school was putting on a what?
climb stairs	If a person has clean laundry in the basement, what will they have to do in order to put it away in the bedroom?
commit crimes	What would people do if they need money badly?
south africa	Where would an apple tree be near the grave site of Nelson Mandella?
newspaper	Where might someone have a statement printed?
compare prices	When shopping for an expensive product you should do what to make sure you get the best deal?
great outdoors	Where do you typically find a lizard generally?
thirst	What do you build when you exercise vigorously?
city	Where could you find thousands or millions of office?
fight	A surprising strike is likely to start this. What is it?
go skiing	The best way to cure boredom at a high elevation with no buildings around is to do what?
deep grass	Where would a snake hide before ambushing prey?
carnival	They were hoping to attract visitors, so they installed lights, where were they installed?
middle east	Where is the ficus tree native to?
offer to help	What do you do when your friend can't lift groceries themselves?
anguish	Killing people wasn't enough for him, he was out for revenge and wanted to cause them what?
magazine	Where can someone find a shiny advertisement?
free food	Why does a person go to a soup kitchen?
slavery	The American Civil war was fought to free people from what?
shortness of breath	What can exercising cause?
container	Where would you put nails to stop them from damaging other things nearby?
getting wet	Washing clothes manually leads to what?
traffic accident	When I was driving, I saw a lot of emergency vehicles up ahead.  What might have happened?
office	The carpet needed to be calm and and productive, where was it being installed?
create music	Singers go to a studio to do what?
inspiration	Why does someone engage in chatting with friends when they want to workout?
get cold	Cameron was sleeping under the covers.  He was hunkered down because it was about to do what?
eat quickly	If you're suffering from hunger what you likely to do with your meal?
great plains	What midwestern area is likely to have a marmot running free?
bedroom	Where might a television used at night be?
cupboard	Sean put his groceries away and then went to his room to use his computer.  Where would he have put the teabags?
cornfield	Where could a human run to hide if someone was chasing them in the midwest?
rich	In American it is possible for someone to grow up poor and end up what?
new orleans	Where might someone get beads on a balcony?
punishment	When a person is on trial for killing, what is a jury likely to decide?
kitchen drawer	Where is a good place to keep a butcher knife?
organ	Sally's boss told her to stop playing.  She was being very loud.  What was she playing?
country	Where would you bring a picnic basket filled with food?
learn things	The teacher took great pride in her work, she loved getting kids to what?
war museum	Where can you see a cannon and learn about the past?
large pot	Billy didn't know what to do.  He had just bought a huge ficus, but he has no where to put it.  It was just too gid for his house.  Right now, the ficus waited outside in something. What is the ficus in?
dark place	If there is a creature that you cannot see, where is it likely to be?
underneath	John pulled the cover over his head.  He was hoping that this would allow him to hide. Where is he hiding?
shower	What material would you put on the walls and floor in a shower?
sorrow	If you are going public store when sad how many you feel?
adequate	The previous hotel was bad, so what did the pleased visitor think of the hotel?
past	The dime store was full of old donated goods, it reminded the customer of the what?
spend money	What do you have to do at the store when you're buying beer?
physical pain	What to you cause by hurting someone else?
church basement	Where is an inexpensive place to have a reception?
australia	She was going to barbecue some kangaroo meat while camping in the outback, where was she?
peel	When you want to get the skin off of an apple, you do what to it?
machine parts	If one is a mechanic, what are they likely to order to their place of work?
freeway system	Where is one not likely to find a ring road?
tiredness	Shopping all day is likely to lead to?
claim compensation	What could a solicitor do that would gain revenue?
doctor's office	What can help you with an illness?
dishwasher	Where do you put a salad bowl after it's been used?
flower shop	The place specialized in colorful arrangements, but the also had a toy balloon or two where?
strip mall	She could watch people coming and going to all the different shops while at the beauty salon because it was located where?
relaxing	What is the opposite of having fun?
country club	While her husband golfed the wife preferred the tennis court, they were both happy with their membership where?
getting tired	Why might someone park a moving car?
bring joy	When you love someone, what will that person most likely do?
big town	Where could there be more than one college?
country	where do humans go to escape cities?
eat fruit	Humans who want a sweet snack can do this instead of having candy?
manipulate	The real estate agent that could get anybody to do anything was quite what?
building	The outdoor restaurant has no business when it rained, where should it move to?
lose money	What usually happens to you when you're gambling?
wool sweater	She was a horrible pet owner, she would put a what on her cat?
bathroom sink	Where would you put a washcloth to clean it?
getting drunk	What can be the consequence of having many drinks when celebrating?
atmosphere	With enough helium a balloon can rise and rise high into the what?
shredder	What do you use to make confetti?
hurt	The man was set on discovering truth in the situation, even if that truth what?
skateboard	He was suffering from boredom, the security guard would let him grind his favorite spot on his what?
open door	What do kids have to do before they can go outside a house?
american city	Where does a person use an expressway to get around quickly?
own home	What is a computer user using Zillow have as a goal?
fairgrounds	Where could you have fun with lots of people around you?
canada	Where can I find a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy and federation?
mouth	What does every person talk out of?
sparks fly	There are many sayings and metaphors about flirting, which one could be found in a machine shop?
downtown	The mall can usually be found in what part of a large group of houses and businesses?
have no home	When a person is living on the streets they likely what?
new york city	Where could you find millions of brownstone?
countryside	Bill's horse escaped it's paddock and ran away to some place it could be free. Where might it have gone?
purse	Where is a good place for a woman to store her sunglasses?
headache	What negative thing might someone experience if they spend time learning about a subject that is very complex and difficult?
arthritis	The aging rockstar had to finally stop playing guitar, his hands just wouldn't cooperate because of the what?
feel pride	What is a positive feeling that you might get after going jogging?
bookstore	Where would you get maps if you do not have them and want to keep them?
stage	What does a performer stand on?
busy	What could stop someone from opening business?
heat up	The car was out in the sun all day, what happened to the interior?
carnival	Light, games, and music are part of what celebration?
city	Where is a market likely to be enclosed?
orgasm	Sam liked procreating.   He didn't care about the children, but he loved a specific part of it.  What did he enjoy?
internet cafe	If I see a laptop on a table, where might I be?
understand	John liked to listen to music while he read.  He felt it helped him do what?
football stadium	He watched the team play every Sunday, but this was the first time the fan would enter a what to see a snap live?
clear area	Where would you not be able to find a radio studio?
gain speed	As the round object rolls down the ramp it will what?
motor vehicle	A rock hit the windshield while he was on the highway, it caused him to nearly crash his what?
hot	He would entertain with a pool party regularly, it was the best way to beat the what?
ground	If I go outside and look down, what will I find outside?
use gas	What happens to your car when you're driving to work?
tall	Regular pants are sometimes not long enough if a person is very what?
disinterest	John cared for Sally, but Sally couldn't return his feelings. She only felt what?
school	John slept on a mat along with other children. Where is john?
damaged	They were very careful transporting the holy artifact, the last thing they wanted to do was deliver it what?
cupboard	Where is a tin likely to be stored?
wellness	What do people work on by exercising?
refrigerator	They were worried about the fruit staying fresh in the heat, so they put it in the what?
plate	On what would you serve an egg to someone?
k mart	Where were there recently a lot of closing sales?
music store	Where can you get a french horn to take home with you?
carpeting	What could you find in a bookstore that is not for sale?
apartment	The roommates were young and irresponsible, it was always a mess at their what?
serving time	What do criminals do when they are caught?
gaining weight	What is likely to be a long term negative consequence of of over eating hamburger?
uncertainty	Why might someone decide to having a checkup for followup?
i.d	What proof is required to purchase beer?
destroying	They wanted to build a new entertainment complex down town, but the costs were doing what to the budget?
positive	Grumpy is grooming himself because he's been told that his appearance can impact his mood, and he wants to be what?
carry	What can a vehicle do to groceries?
person's house	A small dog lived with a a woman who loved him. Where might he have lived?
peripheral	What is something that isn't the main focus of a video?
accomplishing	Sarah had trouble beginning work.  She was not doing what?
countryside	What area would you find a large number of wheat fields?
hurt feelings	Boris was lying to Natasha. That dress did make her but look far.  But he wanted to avoid what?
circular	He drew a ball using a compass, what quality did the drawing of the ball have?
supermarket	Where are you likely to find well stocked aisles?
restaurant	Where can butter be found in small pats?
turn on	Wanting to listen to the radio, what did the man do to it?
excitement	He is beginning work at his first job.  What is he feeling?
having fun	Why do children usually like jumping rope?
success	What do I look forward to when opening a business?
musical instrument store	Where can someone get a flute?
hate	Why do people go about killing people ?
gas	What is eating an unhealthy meal likely to cause?
retribution	For what reason did he commit the killing?
telegraph	Sally didn't know morse code, but that didn't stop her from trying to use what device?
report for duty	Brian was a soldier.  he just got word that he was called back to active service.  He'd have to do what soon?
grocery store	Where would you put things in a paper bag?
argument	Competing viewpoints can lead to a what between two people?
china shop	The man wanted a new cereal bowl, where should he buy one?
cup	Where would you put some coffee if you are thirsty?
dining room	I went to a party at my friend's house in New York and everyone there shared a meal in what eating place?
ascending	James loved going down.  He thought that the worst part of climbing was what?
smiles	What would you see if you are looking at people that are agreeing with each other?
park	Where might birds be on a statute?
construction site	Where would explosive devices be used to build and demolish things?
hockey game	The hamburger were frozen from exposure, where were they?
depression	When remembering a tragedy in the past, what do many people feel?
parent	A child needs caregivers.  Who are the most common caregivers for a child?
outside	Where do you bring a small dog if it needs to relieve itself?
transportation	Driving is the most popular form of personal what?
forest	Where can you find many a squirrel outside of the city?
forbid	The woman let her son play with it in his room.  She did not do what?
washington d.c	What area is a human weasel likely to be found?
own house	Where is likely the coziest plat to eat?
picnic basket	Where is a bunch of grapes likely to be carried in?
in phoenix	The car was overheating, where was it located?
pleasure	The beach had a pathway for riding bike, peacefully cruising along brought many what?
disneyland	What magical kingdom is miserable in the rain?
fresh fish	The monger removed the bone, what was he looking to serve?
stage fright	If you're expressing yourself in a public forum, what may you experience?
physical exertion	What does running after balls lead to?
relaxation	James was cooling off in the pool on a hot summer day.  Why might have he been doing that?
bowling alley	Where would you enjoy a beer while throwing heavy spheres toward ten white objects?
sporting goods store	Where would you get a baseball if you do not have one?
tornado	The barn was torn to shreds and all the pieces of board became one projectile after another flying through the air, it was a powerful what?
intellectual stimulation	The person was bored by the remedial math class, what did he want out of the class?
construct	Sally needed a break from her hard work.  She took a vacation, and decided to do what to a sand castle?
good looking	What may be a characteristic of a healthy person?
leave home	Mary never allowed her animal friend to do what without a leash?
warm bed	What is a good place for a grumpy cat?
town	The farmer needed to go to the dental office, where did he have to go after turning out of his field?
capillaries	Where does blood travel in a person?
apartment	Simon brought his computer to up the stairs, through his door, and set it up by the sofa.  Where did he take the computer?
fights	What could someone get into if he or she is becoming inebriated?
front door	where would a good newspaper boy put a paper in the rain?
social disruption	What is it called when a group is radically changing society?
big house	They had room for many bedrooms, an office, a study, even a playroom; They certain had a what?
frying pan	What could have a hot handle?
bind	If paramedics are trying to rescue someone who tries to hit them, what will they have to do with their hands?
promotion	He fantasied about getting a what while driving to work and the pros and cons of the extra responsibilities and benefits?
frustration	Attempting to light a wet match is likely to result in what?
doze off	What is the worst thing that someone can do while driving?
closet	Where is the best place to put shoes?
hardware store	James's hammer bent while he was driving nails. He needed a new one.  Where might he go to find one?
amnesia	What happens when you get a blackout from amnesia?
tool box	A woodworker is missing a screw, where should he look for it?
city	Her dream was to own a house on the countryside, but instead she lived in a cramped apartment in the what?
mean many things	The people were confused by the words being spoken, why would this be?
fight for life	In a predicament an animal might choose flight or what?
jar	What container does peanut butter come in?
turmoil	The war was followed by a tentative peace.  People didn't think it would last because despite a desire to move forward, there rebuilding was difficult and there was a lot of what?
open doors	What could cats do if they were taller?
wooded area	The snake was worried about predators overhead, where did it go for cover?
interested students	What helps someone be a good teacher?
pet shop	Where can you take home a hermit crab?
irreverence	What do you have for someone that you respect
feeling cold	What could happen to you after getting wet?
lower standards	Why is someone getting drunk likely to sleep with someone they usually wouldn't approve of?
apathetic	The family sought a new place to care for their elderly mother, due to lethargic staffing, what type of staff did the previous facility have?
melt	Some human beings have chocolate in their pockets, what happens to them as a result?
get tired	What is likely to happen if you're doing housework all day?
noisy	Jenny doesn't like children. What might make Jenny like dislike children?
fridge	Where should meat to be used soon be?
floor	James tripped while running in the house.   His mother had repeatedly warned him to put his toys away but he did not listen. Where might his toys have been?
chess set	Where is a knight likely to be found in the US?
awe inspiring	Large fluffy clouds do what to people who watch them?
get things done	She had to run errands that day, she did it right away because she prefers to what?
container	The person forgot to put a lid on the garbage, raccoons knocked all of it out of the what?
fear	He worried about performing, he struck him with great what?
fight each other	Sometimes when animals meet, what happens?
fair	A judge was on his bench serving justice, what was his most important principle?
book or magazine	Where can you find a story in print?
satisfaction	Why would someone want to be eating?
music class	Where would you go to learn how to play a french horn?
basketball	Joe crossed the half court boundary and focused on 3 pointers.  What game is his playing?
soda pop	Other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in what?
backyard	It was a nice day out, good weather to fire up the grill out in the what?
friend's house	Steve needed a place to sleep so he asked around and found a place to stay.  Where might he be staying?
destroy enemy	The man reduced the town to rubble out of hate, what was his goal?
row boat	What does a child learn to do in a lake?
suitcase	David was lost but he couldn't remember where he put the map.  He knew that he had it the last time he stopped.  He remembered getting out his toothbrush and brushing, then putting everything up. Where might the map be?
cabinet	Where do you keep a chess board?
intermission	They were going to play at the theater, part way through there was a what?
pocket	Where would you carry a small folding knife?
library	Where would you go if you want to get a newspaper with a specific title?
hollywood	If you want to find a star you'd have to look in space, but if you wanted to find one from the screen you should travel to where?
friend's house	I was in a kitchen that I didn't know, so I informally asked where the spoons were, where was I?
mountainous area	Where might a bald eagle soar in clear skies?
procreate	What is it called when animals produce offspring?
car	What do you use petrol to power?
make happy	I was depressed and my friends threw me a party, why did they do that?
take time	Sam wasn't in a rush to shop.  That allowed him to be more mindful and do what?
animal shelter	Where could you find a stray small dog?
delaware	Thousands of companies and a rosebush call what place home?
nursing home	The small dog spent a lot of time with the elderly, where did he volunteer?
nightgown	Billy bought some silk clothing for his wife.  What might he have gotten?
stay still	His friends leg began to shake with nerves, he reached out and grasped it so it would what?
public office	Bill was a weasel, but he's a weasel you wanted on your side.  He held what?
books	Where can you learn about the anatomy of a blowfish in print?
bridge	Where are you likely to find water underneath?
hurt feelings	Talking to others can make you feel better, but when the people you talk to are mean, then can cause what?
special	Everyone is ordinary but we are often told we are what?
rooms	what can one add to a building to increase it's size?
countryside	Where might someone drive through rows of apple tree?
lie down	Most animals get tired, and when they do they what?
supermarket	Where would you buy candy and other foods?
anxiety	The claustrophobic person was getting in line, what did they feel?
found in stall	The horse had given so many rides that day, that they didn't know where to find him except where his favorite toy was next to his dinner and bed?
expense	What was the practical husband concerned most about when house shopping?
concert	Where do you hear a stringed instrument?
own object	I am a person, and I bought this with my own money.  What can I say about it?
hold water	If I have a soapy sponge and a place to use it further away, how should I use it at that moment?
write	Dan is very creative. He likes to read and wants to make something like that.   On a rainy day he tries his hand.  What might he do?
chemistry lab	Where might I find a decanter outside of drinking alcohol?
time	What will pass while washing clothes?
spend money	I feel hunger, but I don't want to get any food because work has been slow this month, what don't I want to do?
neighbor's house	She was in a kitchen of people who just moved in to town, where was she?
movie	John likes Disney films and there was nothing good on, so he decided to see what?
lie	What has happened if you are agreeing with someone but do not keep the agreement?
bedroom	If you wanted to put a lamp in the room where you sleep, where should it go?
lawn	Where is a good place to put a rosebush?
get to work	What is the goal of driving to work?
commercial building	Where would you find a dime store along other such enterprises?
pantry	The paper towels are usually in plain sight in the kitchen, where did the dad go next to find them?
country	Where is an expressway unlikely to be found?
nightmares	James doesn't like reading books before bed.  He has an active imagination and finds that late night reading gives him what?
edinburgh	What castle is built upon Castle Rock in Scotland?
great outdoors	What general area is a monkey found in?
being able to use	Some people get carried away with shopping, they'll often be buying products they wouldn't even find themselves what?
gain weight	When people eat more food than they need on a daily basis, what tends to happen?
blizzard	Yesterday there was heavy rain and there's water standing everywhere, but it's coming down hard again, and this time it's cold, what sort of storm is it now?
alien	Someone who is not a citizen of your country is considered to be what?
choice	Using addictive drugs is a bad what?
eat vegetables	The vegan was tired of being hungry, what did she do to alleviate it?
water fountain	The  broken bathroom faucet sprayed liquid high up into the air , like what?
make mistakes	What is likely to happen if humans act carelessly?
theatre	All the other locations had new high prices, so the old single screen what suddenly saw an uptick in customers?
fatigue	Justin couldn't dance long because he experienced what?
supermarket	They were marked up in price but he didn't want to go to the department store, so he just got a disposable razor where?
san diego	What city is likely to have many Mexican restaurants?
table	Where would most people think putting feet is disgusting?
cupboard	Where do you store a salad bowl when not in use?
bland	Tuna surprise is not an especially flavorful dish in fact it is quite what?
back alley	Joe found a man sleeping in a cardboard box that was used to transport boxes of shoes.  Where is the box most likely located?
health club	Today's lesson was on the tennis court, they really kept the paying patients busy where?
bushes	The lizard frightened the hiker, it's movements made what rustle?
lay down	When people get tired and would like to take a nap, the often go?
newspaper	WHere do photographers post pictures alongside articles?
silence	The teacher said she doesn't want to hear anybody talk, she wanted complete what?
get food	What do you need to do to be able to have lunch?
becoming tired	He had been running for a very long time, he knew it was time to stop because he was what?
home	Where might a tabby cat be most happy?
oregon	Where would one find a snake on a mountain?
park	Where are plants likely to be handled by a city employee?
forgetting	John didn't have any memory of the previous week and it was getting worse.  He was doing what to his entire life?
deck of cards	She was really hoping for queen so she could win, what was she involved with?
repair shop	Bill's noticed that one of his tires was flat when he got home from Toronto.   Where would he take his car next?
run	What is the natural instinct of someone not known as a fighter when filled with fear?
feel resentful	The person was stood up on a date, what was his reaction?
feeling of guilt	What is likely to happen immediately a rash killing?
grocery store	The crab was being shipped to be eaten, where was he heading?
wreak	I was intoxicated and driving my car, what would I do with havoc?
learning	Billy wasn't good at communicating with other people so he took a found a mentor and put a lot of effort into doing what?
sweating	What is an uncomfortable consequence of jumping rope?
experience pleasure	I as a person like to enjoy expensive things, why do I do that?
walk away	If you've ended your visit with someone, what happens next?
conquer opponent	Sometimes the wealth of another country will cause the greed of the leadership to attempt to do what?
deep ocean	The shark followed the fish down into the dark water, where did the shark go?
scotland	Aberdeen is a large city in what country?
death	If people are competing in dangerous events, what could happen?
nightclub	Where can you find dancing and a bar?
might want	When you examine thing at a store for a long time you feel this?
have fever	A human could have the sweats from working out, but if they wake up with them they probably what?
reflection	She was contemplating which make-up to where, what prompted her to think about this?
georgia	What would be a good name for a small dog?
nature reserve	Where would a bald eagle be safest?
excited	The golfer was great at keeping a calm exterior as he finished up his final shots, but inside he was what because he knew he had won?
jewish community	What are is most likely to have a kosher deli?
costa rica	What place has many coasts and is a place where you could find a sloth?
desktop	If you have cleaned off dust here it may be difficult to do your homework where?
flower petals	John loved plants because of how they look.  What part does John like best?
travel	What will be made easier during good weather in the winter?
windowsill	Where can you put your plants to make sure they get plenty of sunlight?
trailer park	Where might a small dog run in packs?
music store	Jeremy is mastering a music scale, where should he find books on the matter?
bad taste	People who do not care about quality food are said to have what?
work off	What do you want to do to fat when you release energy?
road	Where does a car belong?
nausea	When you're getting drunk and stumbling what might you be feeling?
air	Nobody likes a pile of them in the driveway, but a snowflake sure looks peaceful in the what?
countryside	The farmer knew the potatoes wouldn't grow in the city, so where did he look for a plot?
house	Where do you play board games?
four sides	What is a square constructed of?
concentrate	What is someone likely to do when trying to memorize something?
shop	The cashier enjoyed her job.  Her workplace was informal, and she loved antiques. Where might she be working.
ocean	John is surrounded by water.  There is no land in sight.  He was going from Britain to America, when his vessel went down. Where might he be?
nanotechnology	what is a type of science?
box	She wanted to try out her brand new hair dryer, but her hair practically dried on it's own before she got it out of the well packaged what?
carpet	The padding was covered with mold, he never would've seen it if he didn't pull up the what?
porch	Sarah opened her newspaper to the second page and sat where?
mouth	If you're drinking what body part does most of the work?
ohio	It might make you think of buckeyes, but an apple tree also grows well in which of the fifty?
public building	Where might a ficus be at the entrance?
own car	What moving object will a person be happy to have?
class	One way to resolve confusion here is to raise my hand. Where am I?
artist	What is a person that is able to create art called?
being happy	When someone is having fun what will that result in emotionally?
money	When buying beer what is it you give the cashier and they give you back less of?
garage	Where is a mouse likely to enter a house?
board ship	A sailor has to do a lot of prep work before the ship can leave, but what is the first step he must take?
canada	Where can you find a barber shop north of the U.S.?
public place	Sarah drank from a water fountain, like many before her.  Where might she be?
screened porch	My ficus isn't in my house, but it is protected from bugs, where did I place it?
make war	The general didn't like it, but sometimes it is something you have to do, what did he do?
play video games	What does a child want to do after school?
nasa	The shuttle was inverted onto the launch platform, who was operating it?
comb	What is used just before leaving a barber shop?
open field	Where would a gazelle like to run?
suspension bridge	What is something that people could walk on and that could have a steel cable attached to it?
happiness	What will happen if you are performing successfully?
stress	John was driving to work and running late, what did he feel?
life	If a person is at a crossroads decision point, what might is affect for them?
punishment	The dog was wild and didn't listen to its owner, the person had never given it what?
discount	Bill had to pay tax on the full price in spite of the fact that he received what?
legal problems	Hurting someone else may cause what consequences for the offender?
coffee shop	where did the girl drank a cup of coffee?
stadium	James couldn't get into the event, because the ticket office was sold out.  He was sad, but not that sad.  He didn't like football, anyway.  Where might James have been?
question	Though it was mostly overlooked, he thought he gave a very thoughtful reply to the what?
ground	Where does litter land when you throw it away?
loss of innocence	What is a negative consequence of learning about the world?
barn	Where does a wild cat usually live?
carpet	Wood has been replaced by what in most people's dwellings?
wave goodbye	If you say farewell to a group of children what gesture might they make?
wetness	You are covered with what when you're having a bath?
lose	Two basketball teams were on the court playing ball. The first team had over 100 points while the second team trailed by more than 50. It was almost certain that the second team would do what to the game?
galaxy	Where goes well beyond the world to other worlds?
get excited	What could happen to someone if he or she finds out that he or she is going somewhere?
trash	The old clothes weren't even useful as rags, they belonged where?
laundromat	The machine only took quarters, and he only had enough for one load at the what?
workplace	Sam didn't want to join a union, but he had no choice.  He was employed at a union shop. If he didn't want to join, he's have to leave what?
anger	What is learning about the world and it's injustices  likely to cause?
lot of grief	What is a negative effect of getting divorce that does not involve people other than the person getting divorced?
manhattan	What city is known for having a nightclub scene?
train station	Where would you see a stranger that is planning to use a large vehicle made up of multiple sections that are attached to each other?
study together	How can students be social when completing assignments?
manipulate	He seemed to be second guessing the plan so she shocked him with a kiss, she had to do this to what him into continuing with the plan?
sleep	The exhausted man needed to have rest, he soon fell to what?
had good voice	What would someone tell a person they possessed if they sing well?
classroom	Where would you need to use a writing instrument?
high school	Where  are kids likely to be found in a school cafeteria?
respiration	The botanist knew the plant was living, what did he observe that led him to know that?
raise corn	What is a farmer growing in Illinois or Iowa?
produce goods	He enjoyed the factory work, he liked the idea that he did what for sale?
roof	After the windstorm it needed replacing, he decided to get a heavier tile what?
headaches	Many people complain after jumping up and down of which dizziness and?
results	Diligently taking care of proposals got him good what?
desktop	When you want to see a picture frequently, where might you put it on your computer?
university building	What area is likely to have at least one concert hall?
being appreciated	An expert performing on stage is hoping to do what?
red	what color are rose flowers typically?
prepare dinner	After a long day of teaching and an afternoon of grading homework the teacher was hungry so she began to what?
will resent	How is someone likely to feel about a person hurting someone else?
classroom	Before computers or cellphones a dictionary was an important tool for teachers and students in the what?
soccer game	John threw the trash on the field, which annoyed everyone.  Where might John be?
irritation	Joe hated taking phone calls during lunch.  He found anything that interrupted his meal to be a what?
frustration	When you're creating art and are interrupted constantly you will likely feel what?
exhaustion	The couple was attempting procreating night after night, between that and work it was leading to what?
share ideas	Why would people talk about a problem with each other?
downtown	It was impossible to find a parking garage, so James took a bus whenever he wanted to go where?
ground	James raked fallen leaves into a pile. Where might he leave the pile?
relaxed position	How does a cat usually sleep?
competition	Playing poker can be casual, but for others they play in tournaments for the prizes and challenge of what?
reproduce	What can't viruses do without infecting a host cell?
concert	Where would you find rows and rows of speakers?
good	If a politician is poor and doesn't take bribes because he wants to serve his constitutions well he is doing it to be what?
sudan	The Mongallan gazelle to the southern region of where?
friend's house	Where did the two best friends end up having a slumber party?
curved	Sally noticed that the sword was straight.  She wanted one with a different type of blade. What type of sword did she want?
stress	He had a lot on his plate opening business, this cause a lot of what?
cause death	Some people like to live life fast, they participate in activities that can what?
sleeping	What can happen with too much relaxing?
floor	John was waiting for his plane for hours.  His butt hurt from sitting in a hard plastic chair all that time.  But it was still better than sitting on what?
receive gifts	What might a person do on their birthday or Christmas
las vegas	After the magic show they returned to their hotel, there was lots to see where?
minnesota	A bald eagle flies over St. Paul, where is it?
strength	Someone with a disability caused by a stroke looses what in the left side?
closet	Where would a floor be covered in clothes?
communication	James is an anthropologist.  He believes that creating art was one of the earliest forms of what?
sleepiness	If you ate some turkey, what could happen to you?
faces	The security detail had to keep an eye on the entire crowd, they were constantly scanning all the what?
happiness	Sam loved buying Christmas presents. Giving to others made him feel what?
plug in	What do you need to do so that other people can use television?
sleepwalking	John went to sleep on his couch and was dreaming that he was fighting a giant whale in the ocean. When he woke up he was outside in the rain, wrestling an inflatable chair.  What was John doing?
palace	A ruler is likely to hold court where?
belligerent	The peaceful nation was scared of their neighbor amassing troops at the border, what behavior did they fear?
homeschool	What term would be used when a student is taught by their family?
law firm	Joe was a weasel, but he wasn't the sort who you kept was a pet.  He was the sort that used complex words that carried multiple different meanings.  Where might you find Joe
west virginia	There is a cave near the capital of Charleston, where is the cave at?
recycling center	Where do you bring empty food cans?
bedroom	Denny couldn't find his hairbrush.  He looked everywhere for it.  Under and over, up and down, it was not where he thought it would be.  So he closed the door behind him and continued his systematic search.  Where might Denny have looked first?
recur	A person with mental illness who stops their medication may have symptoms do what?
own home	Where would you find the closest items made from wood?
night or day	If you cannot see a cloud because it is too dark, what can you distinguish?
diminish	Sam thought that his money would grow, instead his savings only did what?
die	A plant must do what to make another grow?
mall	Where can one find a store that sells sports equipment?
brother's house	When you niece is a child what relation of your would she live with?
atlantic	The antarctic ocean touches a few others, but the next in line alphabetically is which one?
distress	What negative emotions or feelings can learning cause?
yard	Where in a town would you see trees near houses?
good heart	If I am forgiving, what might people think I have?
play ball	What is a simple game to play with children using a round toy?
circus	Where can I go to see a really big toy balloon floating at the top of a dome?
diaper bag	She dug around her what, but just could not find the baby bottle she swore she packed?
putting down	When you lift a cup to take a drink when your hand is headed back to the table you are doing what with it?
backyard	Where is the closest place you would cook bbq?
immune system	What does a person use to fight off disease?
turn lock	He was ready to bike home, he got out his key and began to what?
design software	Joe was driven by curiosity to take up a career doing what?
illinois	The man picked from an apple tree outside of Chicago, where did the apple come from?
heaven	In a religious sense where would a lemur be found?
paper bag	What is usually too small for a cat to fit into?
blossom	The roses flowered in June.  Sarah loved smelling the what?
unique personality	Everyone is special. Everyone has what?
terrible	The situation was a perfect series of disasters, it was just what?
homework	What is the best thing teens can do right after school?
new zealand	Where would a marmot be unable to walk to another continent?
sea water	You can find an anemone living in what kind of fluid?
being full	Why is a person likely to stop eating hamburger and save the rest for later?
mexico	What country in North American can grow beans for a cup of coffee?
noise	Joe was gentle when he was setting the cup on the table, because it didn't want to make any what?
confusion and chaos	If changing society happens, what could be an outcome?
interesting experiences	Even if not all events are enjoyable, what is a person traveling to many different places likely to have?
important	Superman refuses to kill.  He does this because he feels that every life is what?
arcane	He thought all information should be esoteric in nature, he didn't like the notion of the what?
grandma's house	If you're a small dog owned by your father's mother, where would you live?
urban area	His rural dental office was never crowded, but since moving where it has been nonstop crowded?
windowsill	If you're in someone's house, where would you be likely to find plants?
subway	Jill read the newspaper every morning and then threw it away.  Where might she have read the paper?
complaining	What could other people be doing if someone is snoring?
will drown	If a baby is having a bath without an adult present, what might occur?
university	American humans just graduated high school, where are many of them bound?
kentucky	Where is a corner shop selling derby souvenirs likely to be?
auditorium	James sat in a chair and listened to the speaker.  Where might James be?
night	Evening began to fall and the woods came to life with different animals that preferred the what?
weight gain	Having food all the time can lead to what?
music room	Where would you store a violin along with all of your other instruments?
canon	Where could a projectile come from?
band	Who can I play with if I know how to play an upright piano?
presentation	The audience listened raptly.  They learned much from this.  What did the audience watch?
vehicles	People wanted to get to their destination quickly, what did they invent?
say words	Mimicry is a skill parrots use to do what?
get angry	If you hear about terrible injustices while reading a newspaper what can happen?
cabinet	Where is liquor usually stored in a home?
fast food restaurant	If your evening meal isn't served on a dish, at what kind of eatery are you eating?
backpack	Billy bought pencils and put them in his what?
arrest	What is it called when the police take a suspect in to custody?
washing machine	The comforter was used constantly and treaded upon by everyone, where should it be placed?
loyal friends	Family is always the best for devotion, but it is also nice if a person has what?
sneezing	While doing housework you came across a dusty corner which caused you to start doing what?
fatigue	Mandy was watching television because she had a long day.  She could do much else because she was experiencing what?
much	She let him know he was being over the top, and that his antics where a little what?
gym	Someone is putting is carpeting that can handle shoes and heavy foot traffic, where is it being installed?
ground	Where can someone get well water?
helpful	what is a characteristic of one who want to give assistance?
cathedral	The arch was just one of many sites to see, but most preferred the stained glass at the what?
music store	If I wanted to look at a drum, where would I go?
sequence of words	The text made no sense, it was just a random what?
falling asleep	The man was still up at 2:30 am, so he was using the television, what was he hoping he would accomplish?
important	What is water to someone?
slaughterhouse	Where did the farmer send the heifer to make money when she was no longer useful to the farm?
hardware store	The art project called for a big wooden rod, so she went where to get one?
succeeding	If you dont fail at life you are?
wet soil	Worms are crawling out of the earth in the middle of rain, why are they?
theater	Where are people likely to enjoy a show?
jar	Where is homemade food often stored?
steak house	Where will you commonly get a potato with your order?
supermarket	Where might you have to pay for a shopping bag now?
military base	Where would the Air Force keep an airplane?
electrical device	What is a computer terminal?
stoic	She was known for be soft and sensitive, but when all their wills were tested she was the only one who stood what?
united states	There are many dance clubs and higher rates of obesity where?
string quartet	A violin and three other instruments play in what?
behind	If your opponents in a marathon is very fast it is easy to fall what?
sports stadium	Where do you have to fan yourself in public watching people run and throw balls?
grocery store	I need to buy frozen food locally in the smaller shop, where would I go?
misfortune	What is it called if a person has poor luck?
moustache	He was a great man, because of this he had to keep the hair of his what trimmed?
satisfaction	Sometimes people are wronged, and sometimes getting revenge brings them what?
better circumstances	Dan is always giving assistance.  He what does he want to create for people?
coral reef	What do marine life use to shelter themselves from a shark?
movie theatre	Where do humans go to be entertained and eat popcorn?
headaches	WHen someone is talking too much it causes what in other people?
big house	What type of dwelling would a small dog like to live in?
railway station	Where do you go when you're about to board a vehicle on railing?
golf course	Where are doctors known for going in their off time?
hotel lobby	Where can you find a revolving door at a location you spend the night?
loss	Bill was on a diet, but that didn't matter.  He cared most about his audio quality.  He had to turn up the gain because the high-impedance equipment he used cause what to volume?
over water	Where is a bridge likely to be found?
new hampshire	Where would you find a lizard that is owned by someone with high income?
faith	After studying science for years, what did the agnostic person begin to lose?
inspiration	After studying many self-help books, what did he feel in his heart?
smells bad	How can you distinguish garbage from other things?
multiple	Billy found it easy to divide 9, because 9 was a what of 3?
at hotel	Where do you see tiny bottles of shampoo when away from home?
concert	The electricity went out and nobody could see or hear the band, what was being attempted?
vegetable stew	Where does a potato become softer?
sentence	Space is the most important character on a keyboard. What basic thing do you need space to write?
restaurant	Someone left their shopping bag behind when they grabbed a bit to eat, where is the bag likely?
blaring	She complained about the radio, what was it doing?
control	What does the government sometimes have too much of?
stop	When you drive and see someone walking across the street what do we do?
floor	Where is the wrong place to throw garbage?
problems	WHat is the central bank responding to when they are fighting inflation?
oil refineries	Where could you find some plumbing that would not be of use to you if you are thirsty?
town	The police were well liked and respected, it was easier for them to interact with the community since it was a small what?
large building	He was lost going up and down the long hall, it must've been a very what to contain a hall that long?
child's book	Through the colorful pages the koala went on quite the adventure, the parent thought it made for a good what?
newspaper	Where might I find information on current events in print form?
backpack	What has a pocket for a hydration pack full of water?
hold back	What can cause failure even with reduced goals?
north sea	Where could you find millions of jellyfish?
dog show	Where is a small dog likely to be well groomed?
distraction	They kept talking during the movie, for others it was quite a what?
haunted house	Where do you find spirits on Halloween?
neighbor's house	Where is the closest dining table not in your home?
eat quickly	The child always talked about being hungry, but the mom was in a hurry, what did the child have to do?
argentina	The Andes pop up through many countries, alphabetically starting with where?
floral arrangement	What do people usually tie a ribbon around as a present?
ancient rome	Many examples of the stone arch have found that date back to what civilization?
barn	Where might a milking machine be located?
constellation	The star was lonely, what did it wish it was part of?
classroom	The poet was being analyzed by younger people, where was this happening?
better knowledge	What is a teacher trying to impart to their class?
weak	He was morally upright and knew he was strong, so who should he protect?
poor countries	Where did Europeans take their slaves from?
better communication	Why should people try learning language for business settings?
go somewhere	The kids showed excitement getting ready and getting in the car, they were ready to what?
ask questions	The student wasn't sure of the answer, what could they do to find it?
thought	What do you have when you are learning?
complete writing	Authors have a wide range of emotions from relief to happiness when they finally what?
office	Where is there likely to b more than one desk drawer?
drinking glass	James consumed a liquid.  What did he most likely use to hold the liquid?
aircraft	When generals want to drop bombs, what vehicle do they need?
interaction	Old folks who are living in facilities are often lonely, what do they need?
feeling of guilt	What might a good person experience after killing someone?
depression	When the woman was thinking about her failures in life, what did she feel?
conclusion	Discovering truth normally occurs at what part of a research process?
stairwell	What might an elderly person install a railing on to help them pull themselves up?
construction site	Where is a beam likely to be created?
lower blood pressure	John spent time relaxing because  he was told he needed to do what?
office	The receptionist lady loved to use a rubber stamp on her notes, she was the most pleasant person in the whole what?
breaking	A person's hand hurts after hitting the bottle. What might happen to the bottle?
human body	People of faith believe what is a vessel for the soul?
very nice	He was finally able to experience seeing his idea become reality, how  is he likely to feel?
street corner	John runs a small corner shop.   If you were walking on a sidewalk near it, where would you look for it?
funny	Movies which contain unusual or unexpected events which are lighthearted in tone are trying to be what?
drug store	Where is a good place to purchase a contraceptive?
tear up	Why would water come out of someones eyes ?
relax	Settling in to see your favorite show is a great way to do what after a hard days work?
form opinions	What can one do better after learning about a subject?
discussion	If a group of friends have gathered after reading a book they are likely about to have a what?
go to market	Josh was experiencing hunger so he took his keys and his wallet and did what?
head	Where does a hat go when you wear it?
enjoy movie	It was directed towards women but it was mostly couples who what?
living room	He wanted his chesterfield near his magazine rack, where does he put it?
get tired	The trainer told him to keep doing the same exercise, he said he had to keep doing it until he what?
answering questions	What do teachers often do after teaching a lesson?
big city	We live in a small town and when we want to have a nice meal out we go where?
compare prices	How do people evaluate what to buy at a shop?
casing	what is the cartridge of a bullet called?
warehouse	The grain-seller needed dry storage, where should he put it?
hotel	Where would you find many shower curtain being used?
nightclub	Where does a drug dealer like to hang out?
retribution	Dave felt that punishing John for making a mistake would be wrong.  It would not be just. It would only be what?
lady	A man is supposed to walk closer to the street when with a?
fairy story	Where could there be a floating cottage?
globular cluster	Older stars collect in groups called what on the outer regions of a galaxy?
chess game	How does a bishop move from one place to another?
making more money	When a farmer is gaining more land what is the expected positive consequence?
saucepan	Care not to burn you hand on the handle of what small high-walled vessel?
have energy	Why does someone make sure they are eating breakfast?
ankle sprain	What is a possible injury from jumping rope?
eyes	What is the most likely feature of a cat that you can see in the dark?
mansion	Where is likely to have a walk in type wardrobe?
bedroom	Bobby found the lamp beside him when he got up. Where was the lamp?
bedroom	Joe kept all of his school books on a shelf where he could easily get to them when he wanted to study.  Where was this shelf likely located?
get somewhere	The man was riding bike very quickly, clearly he had to what?
mind	The mental patient suffered confusion, what were his doctor's trying to decipher?
stressed	What could happen after you start family due to babies crying?
houses	The family wanted to live with carpeting, so where did they end up putting it?
memory loss	What is someone likely to have after going into a trance?
table	His studying was going nowhere, he returned the dictionary to under the wobbly leg of the what?
basement	The house had expensive insurance, this was because the what had an established history of flooding?
desk	Where would you keep paper files you're currently working on?
coffee	People put sugar in what black beverage?
stress	If you have a punishing work schedule what may you experience?
offices	The employees were complaining about lack of air conditioning, so where did the boss decide to install it?
weakness	What do we feel when we run out of energy?
shower stall	Mildew is a type of fungus you most often find where?
investigation	Following a killing, what are the police likely to begin?
read book	What can a child do to quietly pass the time?
united states	They wanted to go on a road trip, they picked each highway to take them on their way across where?
communism	Though its intentions are for the people, freedom often finds itself cast aside under many historical examples of what?
experience	The religious man was explaining that his faith was something that only he could what?
person	The blood was everywhere in the operating room, what were the surgeons operating on?
eat vegetables	A cat is a carnivore which means they don't do what?
department store	I am looking for a gift for someone I barely know, where do I look?
cell	The membrane could be observed through magnification, it protected the what?
being single	After getting a divorce, what is your marital status?
music store	Where would you get a keyboard if you do not have one?
mall	Where would you go if you wanted to buy clothes as well as other things?
amsterdam	Where in Northern Europe would you find many canals?
store	James needed a new lamp so he went where?
main office	Where is a master control likely to be in a technology company?
alcoholism	If a person spends a lot of time hitting the bottle, what might he have?
on jury	In a court what group passes a sentence?
think ahead	Whenever I play chess, the other person seems to anticipate my moves, what can they do?
hospital	There was a large trash can in front of a building. What type of building might it be?
shameful	If a person acts in a manner that embarrasses themselves and family their behavior is what?
pregnancy	What would cause someone to gain weight and be goingto bed early?
better comprehension	What is the goal of the activities of students?
freedom	The twisted kidnapper laid out the deal, killing seemed to be the only way the victim could gain his what?
gaining knowledge	Attending a lecture given by an expert will allow will lead to what?
weakness	The boy had a lot of might, but he had something else, and the villain learned how to exploit his what?
electric typewriter	What writing device uses an electric motor and has a keyboard?
lie	Most people won't always say what they mean.   They're twisty like that.  They want to avoid conflict. You have to use your brain if you want to understand.    What do most people due sometimes?
baggage compartment	Where is a suitcase stored while a person travels by air?
liquid	A flask is a container can, it is made to hold what?
corner	The shelf was irregularly shaped, where should it be placed to avoid sticking out in high-traffic areas?
buy food	Alexa wants to eat lunch  but she left her lunchbox and wallet at home.  John gives her a twenty so that she can go out and do what?
discovery	Jamie started fiddling when she was 13. It was an exciting thing for her.  She'd never played an instrument before and was thrilled.  What might have been thrilling for her?
person's hand	Where would you put a ticket?
thank god	What does a Christian do when they get what they needed?
bar	Where do you get served alcohol in a mug?
die at home	I knew a person who hated hospitals, so when she was in her last days what was her wish?
part company	What do people do if they do not like each other?
bus depot	Joe had a key to a rented locker at what type of place?
shop	What is often the purpose of a shopping basket?
use glass	If want to drink something politely, what vessel should I use?
learn more about	Sam examined the thing closely.  He was interested in it, and he wanted to do what?
strikes	If you playing baseball and you miss a swing it is called what?
bulgaria	What country currently contains the river danube?
guillotine	What was used to cut through royal necks in the French Revolution?
ask questions	The student was having difficulty finding information in the book, so he raise his hand and began to what?
sadness	James and Ruth were getting a divorce.  It was amicable, but it wasn't happy.  There was a lot of what emotion?
carpet	Danny thought about fixing up his floor and making it look good. What might he use to do what?
park	Where could you find a tennis game?
emergency room	Where might a person go if they need urgent care for a wound?
sharp	If something is dull, what would it be after you fixed it?
good review	He really enjoyed the restaurant, when he got home he gave it what?
late payment	Greg couldn't pay the cash advance fee, and thus was dinged for what?
feelings of guilt	If you started killing people for no reason, what are you likely to lack?
falling asleep	What could happen after relaxing for a long time by not doing anything?
wet	If a beautiful person sprays you with a hose what will you be?
arguments	The man was watching TV instead of talking to his wife, what is he avoiding?
neighbor's yard	The woman could not see her small dog but she could hear it where is it likely to be?
stomach	Joe loved the smell of the food on their plates.  It really made his what flutter?
depression	Stress can affect your mood, sometimes even leading to what?
bladders	All humans store urine in what organ?
go to church	Where do people go to pray?
thin out	She considered a wig, her hair had begun to what up top?
united states	Colorado became one of the first to legalize recreational marijuana in the what?
den	Where in a building would you play a board game?
town	The man needed to visit the shopping arcade but wanted to avoid crowds, where did he go?
own house	The small dog looked longingly into the warm home and laughing family, what did it want?
good music	They were surprised that he enjoy rap, but he explained that every genre has what?
library of congress	What is the largest group of books in North America?
donut shop	Where is a stereotypical place you would find police?
test tube	Where do you keep more than one drop of blood?
labor in vain	A worker who never makes much money or status will what?
exchange information	Jack saw little point to communicating beyond the basics.  To him, it was just a means to do what?
save money	She would only buy things on sale as to what?
devil	What might someone shout when he or she is frustrated?
living room	What divider is found in a house that has couches and chairs in it?
building	Wood framing is the skeleton for what?
saving money	Rather than fly out for his vacation he decided to take bus, this was a great way of what?
toy store	There were countless items there a kid would love, but all he wanted was the toy balloon at the what?
further education	Though never finishing high school, why did she like reading?
bathroom	Where is the most plumbing in a house likely to be found?
old clock	While moving the antique a wooden rod fell out, but since it was just part of the chimes what was still functional?
bad movie	Where can you find a rubber shark as a villain?
otherwise	He said he also wanted in, he threatened to tattle what?
countryside	Where are horses found in fields?
financial center	What type of building is a bank?
physical world	If I can feel material, then where am I generally speaking?
military base	Where would you find food packaged in MRE's?
school	Where could you find a library that only people of a certain age usually visit?
office building	Jill walks to the second floor and sits in her cubicle, where is she?
solar energy	What is a heat source that can be obtained for free?
airport	A traveler from Atlanta wants to meet friends in Hong Kong, so he drives where?
feels good	Doctors gave sedative to the patient complaining of pain, what did he say afterwards?
antique store	Where could you buy an old pie safe with decorative tin?
antique store	Where would you buy an icebox built a hundred years ago?
istanbul	A person is traveling to find fine carpeting, where might they go?
tennessee	Where does a well known fox movie take place?
town	What part of a an area would a disco be found in?
bridge	He leaned the beam over the flooded gap to create a makeshift what?
michigan	When James flew to see his sister across the country, the first thing he looked for was a bar.   Where might Jame's sister have lived?
deep ocean	In what environment would you expect to find a shark?
regressive	What is the opposite of progressive?
more knowledge	What is someone likely hoping to gain from learning?
feel ashamed	If a person accidentally harms another person, what happens to them?
new york city	There are hundreds of bars and eateries in what east coast metropolis?
trash can	Where could a bee die due to lack of oxygen?
train	What do you do to get ready to compete in body building?
imagination	She was not lying intentionally, but she had a powerful what?
jar	What could have space for some food?
tickets	What must someone purchase if they plan on going to a play?
motel	Where do you wait in a reception area to get a key?
overeating	A good habit each morning is eating breakfast, but not too much, because then I'd be guilty of what?
work of art	I was creating art, what would be my end product?
whiskers	Cats always tickle me with their?
parents	What do all people have at first but later might not have?
meet friend	When experiencing loneliness who would be a good person to see?
wade in	What could you do to a river when you go fishing?
irritated	What will someone like be if they receive a surprising bill?
great outdoors	Most of the country can be described as something.  What can it be described as?
period of recovery	When getting in shape you need to have this in between workouts?
cooling off	Why do people like getting wet in the summer?
store	Where would you get an eyeglasses case if you do not have one?
north dakota	Where are thousands of acres of farmland and Mt. Rushmore?
picking up	The spy left the record at the drop, his handlers could be seen doing what?
sour	Sweet is a great taste on its own, but it also goes great with what?
transmission	Noise takes the form of static in a radio what?
have in mind	WHat do you need to do when you buy something so you dont overspend?
comfortable position	A cat wants to sleep, how will it lay?
county fair	Where are you if a cow you've raised gets an award?
apartment	There was only one room in the place where Bill slept.  It had a bed, a fridge, a stove, a couch, and a television.  Where might he be?
alley	James found two abandoned garbage cans behind an old building.  Where might they have been concealed?
container	Where can you put leftover soup?
warehouse	Where might you use a forklift to stack boxes onto shelves?
rural area	Where would you find a cottage that gets flooded often?
victory	In the battle they would fight enemy, their only goal was ultimate what?
dim	The view was sharp in front of the flashlight after changing batteries, what was it like before?
early death	What does living life too hard lead to?
sping	What is the ping sent from a spam blog called?
happiness	The key to living life and not just existing is what?
urban area	What type of areas have parking lots for stores?
worthy	The student felt bad for his failure, he no longer felt what?
planet earth	If I am near a river with flowing water, which planet am I likely on?
boss's office	If you worked at an office building, where you might find a ficus tree?
fabric store	Where can you buy material for making a pillow?
frustrated	Jason seemed calm on the exterior, but his recent loses had made him what?
apartment complex	Where  might someone find lots of homes with a balcony railing?
produce	In movies car chases usually wreck a what stand?
make mistakes	What happens when a person goes the wrong way?
jamb	What could be moved to stop a hinged door from moving?
cute	The elephants had way more personality than he expected, he found the younger ones were quite playful and what?
bowling alley	What runway involves shoes that would not be seen on a drag queen?
herb garden	What would a bee buzzing around a farm hope to find?
going to jail	What might be the result if one is convicted of obstructing justice?
office supply store	Where can you buy copy paper, pens and desks?
classroom	Where would you find a computer near very young people learning?
have fun	What the positive consequences of drinking alcohol?
find truth	What would be a good way to satisfy my curiosity?
windowsill	Where is dust likely to be visible in sunlight?
lower	James raised the stairs, but john wanted to get up too.  What did James have to do to the stairs?
costa rica	The lizard was certainly out of its element in the bustling capital of San Jose, where was the lizard?
antique store	Where can you buy opera glasses that are old?
file folder	what is better than a paper clip to hold together paperwork in a hospital desk drawer?
ill	James is a normal person, but sometimes he's under the weather.  Normal people feel what sometimes?
no legs	Fish have fins to move underwater, but can't walk because what?
have food	John can't eat lunch right now.  He does not what?
trained	What do dogs need to get so they behave appropriately?
roof	The bird was tired, where did it land?
industrialized country	Where could you go on top of a superhighway?
dude ranch	Where is a pack horse likely to work?
basketball team	If the captain of a crew was going to an arena, what type of crew would he be in?
farmer's field	Where will you find wheat planted?
city	Where are you likely to see more than one office building?
lack of fuel	What causes someone to stop driving immediately?
side of head	The child was asked where his ear is, what did the child respond with?
help	The training explained his job was to serve customers, whatever they needed he should do what?
slender	If a person isn't thick they are what?
gain knowledge	The student was attending a lecture on engineering, what was he hoping to do?
stairwell	If there is no windows in the area where are you likely to find a fire extinguisher?
spare room	Where would a sofabed be used only for guests?
yellow pages	She tried to show her grandma she could look up the restaurant's information on her smartphone, but the old lady wanted to just use the what?
obligatory	What is something not optional, that I have to do?
go somewhere	What would you need to do to start work if you do not work in your house?
urban area	Where is building likely to be rapid?
moving	Dan is driving a car.  His foot presses the accelerator.  The car should be doing what?
maine	The churchyard was the furthest east in all the contiguous states, it was located in which?
practice	What do you do to win when you compete against someone?
teeth	The dog really liked the treats, which was good since they were for the health of his what?
indeterminate	What would a paper be if the typing on the paper was made using foreign characters?
hear news	The ladies at the salon had plenty of curiosity, anytime someone came in they wanted to what?
apparatus	The machine was very intricate, it was quite an what?
beneficial	What is something bad not likely to be to anyone?
apartment	Where is someone living in new York City's bathroom located that they use the most?
reduced	The lady was eating less sweets and snacks, this did what to her weight?
church	The committee represent the rest of the members, they met every Sunday right after what?
furniture	What do you put on the surface covered with linoleum?
farmyard	The cows were enjoying the sunshine and solitude by the barn, where were they?
shopping mall	Where could you find a barbershop that is not in a separate building from other stores?
at hotel	While still on a trip there's pretty much only one place to unload your luggage, where?
mit	Where is a student likely to be focused on computers?
city apartment	Joe rented a loft, which is a type of what?
death and destruction	She got in the car after becoming inebriated, what did she cause afterwards?
feeling comfortable	I'm getting warm because I increased the thermostat in my bedroom.  What might I be doing soon?
eat breakfast	Sterotypically, people read the newspaper with their family early in the morning.  What is something else that people also do with their family when they first wake up?
back up	Little cameras in the car made doing what easier?
expensive	When you go to buy a sheep you will learn that it is what?
large city	Where would you find a popular shopping mall?
hospital	Where would a person go for a wound that wasn't urgent?
fight enemy	You go through a lot of training to be a soldier, this is to prepare you to do what?
orchestra	John played a brass drum very well.  He loved classical music and decided that he wanted to join what?
trouble	What is a corrupt government likely to lead to?
pretty smart	What do birds using tools say about them?
table	John noticed that there was a lot of dust in the room.  He cleaned off the place where food is served last.   Where might John have cleaned last?
garder	James's yard had many rose bushes.  They were well kept because James was a very talented what?
die	What would killing people make one of your victims do?
feel cold	What do people feel in the winter?
nodding	How would you show someone that you are agreeing with them without getting close or speaking?
house	Where would you put a book after you buy it?
farmer's market	Where can you buy lettuce directly from the grower?
trouble	What can giving assistance avoid?
port	The vessel was taking in water, where did it need to go?
wilderness	Where do all marmot live before they are captured?
airport	Jane was a human who had to poop really bad.  But she couldn't because her ride was about to come in and she didn't want to miss it.  Where might she be?
jail	Where does a human likely not want to be?
try to win	What does one do when they play games?
design software	What is a nerd most likely to have a curiosity to do that others wouldn't?
kitchen	Although the living room was set up for the party, where did people tend to congregate while the mother worked?
dance	Billy and Marge were a couple.  They weren't serious and they didn't get frisky, but they always enjoyed going and doing what?
surrender	The attack took the player by surprise, he say the game was over and his opponent would win so he decided to just what?
pirate ship	You will find many a cannon on what vessel full of criminals?
dorm	John plays chess with his roommate They make one move each between classes.  Where is his chess set most likely set up?
raise children	People who make people now have what responsibility?
breathing hard	The fat man had only ran the length of the driveway, it was a start but he was already what?
comfort	It was a cold morning, so staying staying in bed brought warm what?
question authority	What is it called when people are suspicious of their leaders?
punishment	If someone is hurting someone else what is likely to happen from the police?
seychelles	What country might a crab live in?
death	What is an uncommon side effect of drinking alcohol?
outer space	The astronauts were trying to figure out how to get to the moon, where did they have to pas through first?
being ahead	The leading team was upset, they had stopped actively reaching advantage because they had grown too comfortable what?
auditorium	It was t he biggest concert in town, there wasn't an empty seat in the what?
identification	After waiting in long lines at the airport he finally got to the ticket checker, he got out his billfold to show his ticket and what?
complimentary	As he was looking sharp, how did his wife speak to him when she saw him in his new clothes?
synagogue	Where do people with the same faith meet?
pick	Playing guitar is a dream attempted by many, they often chew on the little plastic what?
mandatory	What does it mean when I have to do something not optional
expiration	A living person lays on their death bed, what awaits them soon?
get up early	If you tried really hard to go to sleep sooner than normal, you would probably be trying to also what?
income tax	What do you have to pay when you are getting paid?
friend's house	Jenny answered the telephone because she couldn't stand the ringing. She shouldn't have though, because it wasn't here place.  She was just visiting. Where might she be?
live many years	The nice lady nursed the injured and abandoned cat back to health, after recovery it went on to what?
talk about themselves	What will a person who is a narcissist do when around other people?
sincere	A bad person places little value on being honest, acting without pretense or being what?
library	Where would you go to get maps that cannot be bought?
high mountains	Where is a marmot known to live?
cross roads	James bought two cats for emma during her chemo.  They cheared her up.  But the chemo wasn't working as well as it was supposed to, and Emma felt that they had come to something.  What did she feel they had come to?
get money	Why does the government impose taxes?
plant kingdom	Ficus are in the family Moraceae, and is part of what much broader spectrum?
farts	If you eating lunch and have high fiber foods what unpleasant sounds might you make?
zoo	Where could she go to find a big cat to see?
mountain range	What geological feature is made mostly of rock?
meditation center	A gentleman is trying to relax, where is he likely to be able to do that?
waving thumb in air	You've got all the hiking gear but your car wont start so you might have to head to the main road to do this for a ride?
desktop	What kind of computer is not a laptop?
forest	Where are trees likely to be very thick?
garage	Where is a good place to store a ladder?
give away	He knew he no longer wanted to keep the clothes, but they were still good so he decided to do what?
better day	If you've been in a rut and busy, taking the time and eating breakfast could help you have a what?
porch	Where would you put a dog if it wants to go outside?
bedroom	Where should I put a rug to keep my feet warm at night?
inform	What is the purpose of a newspaper?
keep score	How do you figure out who wins when you play games?
heading north	A car was going from Florida to Ohio, what was it doing?
great barrier reef	Where do you see a shark in Australia?
rainforest	The tree had thousands of animals living in it, where was it located?
air	If I wanted to get some oxygen, what will I get it from?
fun	What does watching something entertaining cause people to have?
anger	He was on tilt and losing hand after hand, the playing cards were causing him great what?
city	Where might a runway head?
circus	Where would acrobats sometimes use a launching platform when they perform?
catch on fire	What happens to airplanes when they hit the ground?
egg	The dilemma was simple, the chicken or the what?
wishing well	If a person throws a coin in the water, where is that person likely?
buy food	What would you do if you want to eat dinner, but do not have any raw ingredients?
register	Before a new student can go to school they have to do what with the school's administration?
tail	Lizards are able to regrow what if it is cut off?
then have	If you get something,  you'll what it?
arlington	Where is there a very large graveyard?
copy	What is a reproduction of an original document called?
feel lucky	What is a person's immediate reaction to winning the lottery?
pain	What is likely the result of a small episode of falling?
card room	If I wanted to play poker, where should I put the table?
healthy living	What does cleaning waht you eat lead to?
canada	What is a country that is known for a high population of beaver?
race track	Where are horses found with jockeys?
meeting	You can use a notepad to keep track of agenda items during a what?
bus stop	The person had no car, but needed to get somewhere, where should he go?
going away	Sam was planning to return, but his sister was still angry that he was doing what?
prehistoric times	What time period did mammoth's live in?
drink	The all decided to sit down on the stools, and each order a what?
get sick	When people are exposed to a virus what happens?
stupid	What may a person call people who are acting foolishly?
warm up	John had a gun but he set it aside.  It wasn't helpful.  He needed to build a fire.  Why did he need a fire?
peace	What would happen in a country if everyone is loving another?
feet	What is the opposite of hands?
flesh	What covers the bones in a human body?
atlas	What can you use to plan your route when driving to the pacific ocean?
music store	where do you buy a piano?
feel full	What is the result of having a lunch that is sizable?
movie theater	Where would you expect to find popcorn in a public place?
refrigerator	Where could you put some olives to keep them fresh?
spread wings	How do birds leave the nest?
chair	Sometimes a human has an office job, being seated all day means they should big a quality and comfortable what?
owning	She had an addiction to buying products, it was the act of shopping she was after not actually what anything?
meeting new people	What might be the result of going to market?
cool off	What would anyone want to do during a hot day, even if they cannot swim or have alergies?
shore line	What must a crab cross to reach the ocean?
nausea	Some do not enjoy getting drunk, it gives them what?
eat first	If I am hungrier than I am thirsty for a drink, what should I do?
wisconsin	Where can you find bald eagles and cheese in the midwest?
loss of money	If someone spends too much time buying products what are they likely to experience?
favourite	Though he believed in the underdog the odds were not good enough, he instead pointed his money towards the what?
submarine	A battleship can be sunk by an unseen torpedo fired by a what?
names	All humans have what which is used to distinguish them from one another?
pass out	Why would someone be unable to talk to other people after getting drunk?
every country	The traveler needs a place to say, where are hotels located?
plate	Where would green beans be found directly before eating?
reckless	They mocked their friend for being timid, but it kept her out of the trouble they got into by being what?
unpleasant	They came to an amiable solution to their rather what problem?
make noise	What is something you do at a concert?
bar	The had a tough day and wanted to imbibe on a spirit, where should he go?
house	Fresh baked cookies are delicious, it is why they loved to go to Grandma's what?
stress	Being jobless for 6 months, he had an interview after applying for a job, what did he feel?
living room	The rug saw a lot of foot traffic and had popcorn strewn about, where was it likely?
parking meter	Where can I put a coin to stop my car from being towed?
getting arrested	Expressing yourself in public without wearing pants will likely result in what?
normal	All the kooky kids enjoyed each other's company, to them their behavior was perfectly what?
jewelry store	A person might take a velvet drawstring bag full of valuable stones from what type of place?
department store	It was a popular and common gift this year, so he headed to the what where it would be easy to find?
feeling of fullness	Sam eat a big dinner.  He eventually stopped having food because he experienced a pleasant sensation.  What did he experience?
cleanliness	The teen wanted to impress his girlfriend by doing housework, what impresses the girl?
cafeteria	I am at school and want a glass of milk, where do I look?
embarrassment	James was caught committing perjury in a mock trial for his law class. Everyone laughed at his inept lies.  He couldn't stand the what?
stars	What is in the milky way?
united states	Where is north carolina located?
base	What is a head attached to?
hotel	Where do you stop at a gift shop while checking out?
you'll learn	The teacher got frustrated at the wrong answer, he told the thick headed student "if you just listen..." what?
lighting	James heard thunder while he was putting up the overhead lamps. It hit very close.   James worried that he might be killed while installing what?
like	Erin struggled to be entertaining.  She didn't have many friends and wanted people to do what to her?
resentment	If you have a lot of money after cashing in your chips at a casino, what would the casino owner feel towards you?
washington dc	Given people's opinion of congress what place might they give the mascot of a weasel to?
concert	If you're enjoying a contralto, what event are you attending?
web	What type of home does a spider live in?
sentence	What do a string of words with a proper noun and verb form?
airplane	Where could you find a seat that sometimes vibrates?
encyclopedia	If you need more than just a definition perhaps you should put down the dictionary and pick up a what?
sweating	What could happen if you are hiking and you are wearing too many clothes?
switzerland	What country can a marmot be found?
library	Where can you borrow magazines?
hangover	After hitting the bootle all night what would come to me the next day
enlightenment	James was dedicated to contemplating things.  What did he seek?
gravity	What force keeps objects on the surface of the earth?
airport	What type of structure has doorways that are connected to vehicles?
locker room	Where does an athlete usually prepare for a game?
backpack	Where can you keep your binder on your person between periods of instruction?
workers	Automation does a lot in a factory these days, but the heart and soul is still in the what?
dry skin	Lilly went bathing fife times a day, but this wasn't good for her.  It resulted in what?
south africa	What place could you go to and find an apple tree there?
yard	Buying a house was his lifelong dream, but the lazy man did not enjoy having to maintain a what?
shock	The person had always assumed, but discovering the truth came as a what?
greedy	What is someone who wants a lot of money?
embarassment	The man began asking me questions about my sloppy habits in front of others, what did I feel?
further knowledge	Wanting to understand a subject more, he began reading, what happened as a result?
air	Where does confetti float?
with someone	She felt so alone on campus, she just wanted to be what?
conference	Where do you go to find people who are active in the same field as you?
research laboratory	Where is a white mouse likely to be found?
church	You'll often find wine and crackers served by men in robes where?
bottom out	The car hit the curb at high speed, what happened as a result?
airport	Where would you read magazines while waiting to board winged transportation?
entrance	The lock prevented people from getting into the school, where was it placed?
inappropriate	Thinking of the past reminded him of a happy time, he laughed aloud in the middle of the funeral and it was quite what?
drenching	What does water do when I submerges clothing?
san francisco bay	Where in the U.S. do many ships from the pacific ocean unload their wares?
cellar	Where would you store potatoes for the winter?
strip club	The human had lustful needs to fulfill, where did he go as a result?
kitchen	Where is not likely to use a card catalog for organizing?
higher intelligence	He didn't know what he believed, just that after all his studying it made since there was a what than man's brain?
machine tool	If one is a mechanic, what are they likely to work with?
study history	If a student wishes to learn about things that have already happened, what should they do?
anxiety	What do most people often feel before meeting new people?
bad feelings	A person regrets their actions, what are they likely to have?
go off	The argument was becoming more heated, but when somebody threw fruit at another is when things really started to what?
hang out at bar	How might someone relieve stress with friends?
rural countryside	Where is there typically small unpaved lanes?
talk too much	The teacher yelled at her students, what prompted her to do that?
larger city	If I want the very best japanese restaurant, I might look in a place with a japanese district, what sort of area is likely to have such a place?
death	John was playing football when he suffered a concussion.  He was really worried about the possible consequences of his sport, but the concussion was less scary than what?
language	What do two people know to be talking to each other effectively?
losing money	While you're at the store buy beer what happens to your wealth?
purse	The mother knew her children to be messy, so she always kept extra kleenex in her what?
square dancing	Jim is fiddling in a barn while couples ritualistically circle each other.  What might the couples be doing?
sleep together	If two people are walking into a house, what do they plan to do?
injuries	What is likely to happen to someone involved in a driving accident?
jar	Where is a good place to store water?
bank	Where would most people store their fortune?
have no money	What prevents someone from buying beer?
dance well	If people practice groovy moves, what is the end result for them?
bathroom	He used hair styling gel, he kept it where?
toy store	Where do you buy a chess board?
ten fingers	Humans have a number of body parts that serve multiple functions.  Name something that they have an abundance of, and which serves a dual function.
airport	Where might someone in  a waiting room for lost luggage be?
town	Where is a small registry office likely to be located?
museum	Where could one find old opera glasses in a glass case?
own home	Where would be the closest place you would find a piece of literature you own?
feel guilty	Dave didn't mind that Josh was punishing him, because he was experiencing what emotion?
transportation system	A bus line is an example of a public what?
banjo	While up in the mountains the locals taught him all the tricks of the fingerboard, he learned the basics of playing the what?
france	The blowfish was being served at a Michelin starred restaurant, where was this likely happening?
fraternity house	Where did the group of in crowd guys throw their big party on campus?
vase	Where is a great place to display a flower on a table?
compile	What does a computer have to do before a program can exist?
meeting	What do gentleman organize when they need to discuss business?
disobey	The christian Sunday school teacher gave out a punishment, this happened when the students did what to her orders?
spending money	The company just came out with some new buying products! It lets you purchase as much as you want! So what does it help you do?
building	He contacted the skyscraper management and asked for a telephone directory, where was the person he wanted to contact?
marine museum	At what institution can you learn about a shark, a whale, or a dolphin?
japanese restaurant	Where would one hope to not find a jellyfish?
apartment building	The mailbox is just inside the entrance of what structure containing many homes?
sun	Jane goes out the door to find outside a bright object, what is she looking for?
american west	The only place you'd find a marmoset in what gold rush region would be in a zoo?
creek	A tributary of a river is a?
band	The keyboard instrument took great talent, but he just looked goofy playing it onstage next to the drums and guitar as part of the what?
hole	Holding a iron and looking in the distance the idea seemed simple enough to him, he just had to get the ball in the what?
permanent	The fat man wanted to make a change in his life and make sure it stayed what?
experience	James loves judging things, but all he has to go on is his own what?
exercise	How does someone go about getting in shape?
moving	The tourists saw what they thought was a statue, but they soon discovered it was performance art went it began what?
high school	Because of dangers you don't always see shop as an option in what anymore?
front door	What can you stick a key in?
race track	She ha money and an extravagant hat, where was she heading to gamble with it all?
boredom	James was returning to work after a period of sickness.  He was happy to be working because he had suffered from something during his illness.  What did he suffer from?
opinion	Both sides were presenting their arguments as fact, this when clearly both were just voicing an what?
father	Joe has two caregivers.  One is his mother.  What might the other be?
church	What tpye of building would you be most likley to hear bells at on Sunday morning?
hallucination	Is there a way for people going into trance to see things that do not exist?
intimacy	Friends and family had been celebrating their marriage all day, but they were alone finally and it was time for some what?
prime	The time of day when networks air their most popular bad shows is called what time?
desk drawer	Where would you likely find spare address labels?
office supply store	Where can a calendar be purchased normally?
headache	James thought that analyzing all the data would help him learn more, but it did not.  It only gave him what?
sewer	where does a mouse in new york city live?
make music	What do people who are composers do?
bedroom	Where would a person have a small bookshelf?
silo	If you have some excess corn, where would you put it?
decorative	If something isn't plain but has adornments, what is it called?
space shuttle	Where are there likely to be high tech computers?
run out of gas	What could cause a driving car to stop?
latin america	What southern area not in the US are you  likely to find a marmoset?
hair salon	Debbie noticed that there was a ficus decorating the room while she was getting a perm.  Where was this plant?
basement	Where would you put a dead body if you do not want anyone to find it and you do not have a car?
wall in	The tree wanted to grow more, but in the garden why did the roots stop spreading?
socialize	What are people more likely to do when they drink alcohol at a bar?
arrive early	The baby came unexpectedly, what did it do?
house	Where can you find an upright piano in a building that you live in?
new jersey	They had to take the motorway and famous turnpike to get to the even MTV-made famous shore, where were they?
release energy	How can you get rid of anger?
satisfied	What will happen to you if your need is met?
believe in god	James noticed that people who communicate well have fewer problems.  Some people communicate easily with strangers, others need to talk with members of their own groups.  A religion is a type of group.  What do members of a religion have in common?
fast food restaurant	Where can you get chicken without leaving your car?
creativity	Pretending is an important developmental step, it shows the child's what?
own home	The door to door salesman asked for the homeowner, but the man didn't what?
express love	The person looked lustfully into his girlfriend's eyes, what did he want to do?
age to get better	John was told to leave the cheese in the cellar for a few years.  Why is that?
sink	The water spout wouldn't turn off.  Eventually, what was totally filled?
subway	Where might a conductor have a hard time seeing ahead due to darkness?
england	She always wanted to live in a brick row house in what foggy country?
basement	Where do families tend to store a lot of boxes?
poor	There are many wage gaps being discussed, the most important of which is between the rich and what?
city	Where might you use a bus to get around?
dishwasher	When you are finished drinking out of a cup and want it clean you use this.
travel	The rich young people who had just graduated suffered from boredom, being without responsibility they decided to do what before starting jobs?
go fast	If you smack the animal while your riding a horse what will you do?
windowsill	If you are in your house, where is the sunshine likely to come through?
theater	He showed his ticket and went straight to the bathroom to get out any pee, he didn't want anything to make him have to get up once he took his seat in the what?
imperfect	The painter explained how he never achieved a flawless portrait, he said this was because all people are what?
speeding ticket	James is driving to work.  He's late and he's going very quickly.  What is he at risk of getting?
two wings	The bird took flight by moving its what?
vegetable garden	He decided to plant tomatoes in a row, where would this row be?
low lands	As the man descended the mountains into the marsh, where was he?
eye strain	The children had been using television all Saturday morning, their parents made them go outside and play before they all suffered what?
fighting	They were a culture of peace, but they still had competitions where the men were always what?
deep south	Louisiana was a confederate state in the what?
hurt people	What could describe accidents but not weddings?
tidal flats	Where is a crab likely to enjoy it's food?
major city	If I am looking for specialized medical consultation, where do I tend to travel?
university	They prided themselves on being a wealth of knowledge, and that's why many chose to attend their what?
children will learn	What will happen to someone after you are answering questions that he or she asks?
die of cancer	Animals suffer from some of the same things man does, it isn't uncommon for a pet to what?
accidents	What must one be careful about when learning about science?
shopping mall	Where could a human get an outfit, makeup, and eat lunch all at the same place?
looking up	How do people see the sky?
climb stairs	If you need to go on stage but the stage is elevated you must do what?
factory	What is a staple of the manufacturing industry?
envelope	What do you receive a new credit card in?
race track	They made their way down the motorway to watch some car drive in circles, where were they going?
graveyard	The spirit saw other like beings wandering aimlessly, where was it likely to be?
paint store	The couple decided the new shades didn't match the old wall color, where did they go next?
tropical jungle	What is a good description of the sloth's native habitat?
french government	A monkey ran through La Defense with classified documents, who was chasing it?
death	What could snoring cause in rare cases?
atlantic ocean	The shark was navigating across from the African coast to New York, where was it?
construction site	The planned sky scraper was still years away from completion, but excavation had begun where?
cool off	Why would someone think about getting wet in the summer?
refrigerator	Where would you get an apple that you already bought?
order	If you are cleaning house, what will happen to it?
simile	James thought that he was original, but really his story was exactly like many others.   Sarah didn't want to hurt his feelings so she didn't say anything.  What might she have done while listening?
michigan	Joe was a horse.  He lived in an American State. The environment was too cold for his taste.  Where did he probably live?
meow	A cat can't talk, but a cat can what?
intelligence	The ability to remember things is a sign of what?
new york city	James worked at a Kosher Deli in a Jewish  neighborhood in the same city where his grandparents came over from Europe in the 40s. He could see the big green torch from his bedroom.  Where might he live?
suitcase	He was in a rush and forgot his socks, what did he double check before leaving the hotel?
center of town	In America, the courthouse of any given town has a likely location, where is it?
sports arena	Football fans were storming the ticket booth, where were they?
michigan	Where could a wheel be produced?
effort	What do you need to put in to achieve having fun after a long day?
mountainous region	You think of lower areas when it comes to a valley, but they're usually just a lower spot in a what?
movie theater	You have to spend money at a ticket booth before entering what building for entertainment?
fall asleep	What can happen if you're too worn out before going to opera?
wonder	When visiting a museum, what might a child experience?
great sorrow	What did the innocent man feel after he was accused of committing murder?
books	From where can you learn the anatomy of a blowfish?
new hampshire	Where could you find an apple tree?
apartment	What dwelling might one take a bowl to after buying it?
at hotel	When traveling, where is someone most likely to find mirrors on the ceiling?
quarry	What will be created after an excavation is finished?
town	Where is a city hall building likely to be?
never want	We all eventually die, even though we usually what?
wait patiently	What does a person do when something is arriving at an undisclosed time?
ohio	Akron must have at least one dance club in what state?
house	Inside what structure do you normally take a bath?
tropics	John knew that the snake probably wasn't real because he lived in the Midwest, and anacondas live in what regions?
dauntless	The hobbit was timid in front of the dragon, but what did he have to be to get the gold?
movie	What could a gentleman be watching?
prepared	What could someone who give assistance help someone else to be?
decomposition	What happens to most living things after death but not to mummies?
sink	John was in a ship.  It began taking water.  He was worried because the ship might do what?
building	The side chair was always kept dry, where was it located compared to the lawn chair?
reading newspaper	What would you be unable to do if you are bathing and your hands are wet?
hospital	If someone was in much pain they may need medicine, they would probably go where?
conflicts	James enjoys socializing with people, but sometimes he hates the what?
spaghetti sauce	As everybody at the table began to twirl noodles she mentioned that wine was he secret ingredient in the what?
market	Where is the best place to get cheese?
nausea	Loraine didn't like drinking alcohol. She didn't get a buzz from it.  What might she have experienced when drinking?
motion	A projectile ball is in what after being launched?
care about	She was very saddened about the condition of the person, it was who she most what?
sweat	If you are playing basketball for a long period of time, what is likely to cover your shirt?
office suite	A divider is used to create cubicles in what space?
decision	Billy was cogitating the situation, but soon he would have to come to what?
detroit	She wants authentic barbecue while visiting southeast Michigan, where should she look?
void	The drugged college kid was pondering life, he felt like he was in a big what?
outside	Where must a car park be?
linen closet	Where would you find a spare pillowcase in a house?
museum	Where could you see a bone?
liquor cabinet	Where can you commonly find spirits within a house?
stress	If you're late getting to work, what is something you experience?
recycled	What should be done with old newspapers?
rome	She had seen over 50 marble fountains that day, where was she?
defend	The game allowed you to take turns, one player would attack while the other would what?
bodies	What do animals and humans have in common?
england	From what country is the fox?
demonstration	What can be done with a product on a table?
secure	The soldiers were on the run and in danger, they entered a building to hold up but first they had to make sure it was what?
stand together	The trees formed a forest, what did they do?
purse	where do women throw loose credit cards?
street	Where would a brave squirrel be found?
college campus	The tennis court suffered from fraternity pranks, where was it located?
own home	If you have a small dog it is good to have what?
undecided	The news held a forum on who people would choose, they had a group that was what?
closet	Where is a good place to keep a shoe?
sock	What would you put on your foot first before anything else?
dominated	When they discovered horses, what did Native Americans do with the plains landscape?
adrenaline rush	The athlete was competing in a race and saw the finish line, what did he feel as a result?
russia	The factory made all sorts of specialized toys; AK47's, MiGs, anything having to do with what?
produce fruit	Farmers will plant an apple tree because they do what?
strip mall	Where would you be unlikely to find more than one steak house?
emergency room	Where would a person go for a wound that is urgent?
cambodia	Which country is very known to have a mine and explosion problem?
hop	If a frog has to travel a short distance on land it will do what?
congratulated	A person achieved success and was what by his peers?
gear shift	The chain kept coming off of Bill's bike.  Because of this, you couldn't use what?
old enough	When a kid is ready for school, what do admissions counselors say about him?
eat bread	She had learned how to make bread that was quite good, she had finished a new loaf and now all there was left to do was to what?
get ready	What does someone do before they travel to work?
whisper	Visiting museum was eerie and weird to him, he hated the stillness of it and having to only what?
atlas	What picture would have the Atlantic Ocean on it?
revelation	If you learn something about a person that you're talking to, what is it called?
spontaneous	When you have fun by doing many things that are planned, you are?
punishment	Why might someone think killing is justified?
jail time	James was hunted for stabbing someone to death.  He was afraid that he would be forced to serve what?
restaurant	Where is it especially important to keep a dry, clean floor?
be imprisoned	John needed to escape.  He hadn't expected that because he was a  solid runt.  What is he scared off?
exhilaration	James loved climbing.  What emotion might he feel from heights?
dentist office	Where do you get your teeth drill?
get money	If you got a job as an undercover shopper you would buy products, then after doing a review you would what?
alley	If you're using a trash can in the downtown district of a city, where may you be?
find truth	Curiosity drove the archaeologist, more that the objects themselves he was always looking to what?
relax	Billy wanted to have rest because he needed to do what?
front back	A cube has a top, bottom, two sides and what else?
stand erect	What does a person do if they want to appear authroitative?
full stomach	What happens when I make a pig of myself eating breakfast?
healthy relationship	What does every human want with someone else?
afternoon	The evening was supposed to be cold, but it was warm when?
movie	Where can someone enjoy ice cream in the dark?
irish bar	What public house might you expect to hear someone play the harp?
united states	I feel like going to a city with lots of fast food chains, where should I visit?
partner	When he won the dance competition he immediately praised his what?
weight loss	If one is eating healthier and exercising what is likely to happen?
speak to god	What do you do when you pray, even if you are paralyzed?
personal	What is an object that is not used in a common room likely to be?
downtown area	Where could you find hundreds of thousands of mailbox?
office building	Where might you need to visit a registry office before entering?
chemistry lab	Helium, magnesium, and sulfur are likely to be found where in a school?
public building	James went into his office at city hall.  What type of building is this?
shelf	Where would you put a candle if you wanted it on a wall?
state	What does a town make up a small part of?
tradesmen	The building was ready for flooring, and that's where the flooring who came in to the picture?
east	Which side of Africa is the Indian Ocean on?
collaboration	The group was great at communicating, their quality worked showed how well their what went?
stand still	What will you do if you do not turn and you do not move either?
michigan	Where can you find millions of apartment?
take life	What could guns do which could be illegal?
organism	What are all living things that have at least one nerve called?
shake hands	People are meeting people, what is the likely physical gesture?
telephone book	Where can you look up a number to a business when you don't have electricity?
nose	Like all mammals, cats smell with what?
strong	A lot of people who wrestle are very?
ignorant	Billy was smart but inexperienced.  In many ways he was what?
razor	In a barbershop, what is the most important tool the barber uses?
freshwater lake	The man loved to fish bass, to be happy all he needed was a boat, his equipment, and a what?
details	The person was trying to describe what makes a good movie, he liked all the little what?
people	Who keeps their car in a parking area?
corvette	A battleship is a powerful vessel.  If you need something similar but faster, what would you use?
beautifull	She loved the music so much, how did she describe it?
space shuttle	The toilet were somewhat built into the suits of the zero gravity travelers on the what?
nightmares	What could cause you to not be sleeping well?
available	Sarah wasn't a good person. She was always away, always busy, never there.  Her wife wanted her to be more what?
coffin	The small dog had died and, the family treasured him a lot, where did they decide to place it?
breathe	He had chosen to live a fulfilling life, he was content in the end and died with no regrets as he took his last what?
ocean	A continent is a large area of land, but the globe is mostly covered by an what?
desirable	When camping a home base is what?
undergrowth	As the fox ran into the forest it disappeared into the what?
packaged	Sam and June bought loose corn because it was less expensive than what other variety?
rural area	John lives in a farhouse well away from anyone. He doesn't farm himself, the farm shut down long ago.  How would you describe the area where he lives?
become stronger	Why do people participate in exercising?
weigh	What about you will decrease after you exercise for many months?
help one	What is someone who enjoys to give assistance likely to do?
distributed information	If I am communication, what is my chief motive for doing so?
large home	She had worked hard her whole life saving money, featuring her dream entrance hall she bought a new what?
have fun	The friends gathered around the table to play cards and what?
need to integrate	Saul is writting a program and has been told that another team has been working on added functionality.  He's not sure hot the other team's work will impact his. What does his bosses want him to do with the new code?
lose money	WHat could prevent someone from the ability to buy a house?
cook dinner	What will someone do in the house in the evening because of being hungry?
cause bleeding	What can an injury cause that is messy?
wimbledon	Professionals are playing tennis for money, where are they likely?
pain	If you're typing for a long time, what's a sign you should take a break?
countryside	Where are trees likely to line a road?
frustration	What is someone having a hard time learning abut science likely to experience?
pharmacy	If you are prescribed an antibiotic by your doctor, where would you go to get it?
stay awake	John refused to sleep because of Freddy.   Nothing can hurt you as long as you do what?
sand pile	Many grains of sand together form what?
versailles	John walked into the courtyard of a famous palace.  Where might he be?
live lives	Animals do what from birth to death?
shelf	The employee was stocking product, where did he put it?
racetrack	Where can you take your automobile to go as fast as you can?
classroom	What is a place that has only one ceiling and which could be on ground level?
accidents	What could happen if something surprising happens while you are driving?
settlement	What is the result of reaching a tentative agreement?
feel sad	What else might one feel when hurting?
expensive	If diamonds are not free nor cheap, what are they?
chopped	When making a chicken salad, how is the chicken made to be in smaller pieces?
keep secret	What do you need to do to keep a surprise party a surprise?
two legs	What do humans have that is different than most animals?
rising interest rates	Fighting inflation means being aware of many things, such as what with loans?
south america	The scientist sought endangered toucans in the forest, where was he looking?
injuries	What is an effect of playing football too carelessly?
pet store	Where would you get a dog if you do not have one?
extra money	Why does the guy try cashing in his check?
airport	Where could you find passengers that are planning to travel to another continent?
medicine cabinet	Where might a person store an antibiotic to keep it out of the reach of children?
rattle	When you shake a can of spray paint you'll hear a bead do what?
recyclable	The glass bottle ha a symbol on the bottom.  This symbol told customers what about the bottle?
vacation	George wanted to go home.  He was sick and tired of his what?
eating	What would you be doing if you are having lunch?
runway	Where does a plane go when it has reached its destination?
wilderness	Where are you likely to to find a marmot other than the zoo?
make bread	What would be a cheap way for a medieval family to satisfy their hunger?
openness	What is the difference between one having solidity?
box	Where do you originally get kleenex from?
exhaustion	Bill loved riding his bike and did it all the time.  He had trouble going up hills and sometimes pushed himself to the point of what?
satisfaction	When you play chess and work hard to improve at it, and finally have it pay off you will feel what?
guitar	There are usually four strings on what popular instrument?
own home	Your oven is most likely found where?
remorse	What is someone likely to feel after killing someone?
injury	When competing against a fighter with better training you'll likely get a what?
suffering	What does hurting someone else cause?
oral report	If you're standing in front of people holding index cards what are you likely doing?
military base	A bugle sounded every morning where?
video game	Where can someone level up?
water fountain	Where can birds clean themselves?
submachine gun	In the video game he used the rocket launcher at long range, but up close he would switch to the rapid fire what?
serve food	If you've already received your drinks what is a waiter likely going to do next?
countryside	Rather than appreciating the rolling hills, what seemed plain to the angst filled teenager?
strong emotion	I was creating art while angry, what did my painting convey inadvertently?
congress	Who takes forever to pass a bill?
attic	Where would you not be able to see light?
quark	As in part of string theory, what particle makes up hadrons?
mail order	How can a company efficiently sell things to their customer?
opaque	Jim chose clear paint.  He could have chosen another type but it would have covered up the natural beauty of the wood.  What sort of paint could he have chosen instead?
common sense	John hated getting in line, but he wanted anyway.  Not breaking line was just what?
become wet	He was washing hands, what happened to his hands as a result?
contract	The muscle stretched, and after it did what?
wrong	Why would someone fail after giving an answer?
table	The drunk man was hitting bottle figuratively and literally when he slammed it down on the what?
mexico	If a human wants to be in a warm place, where is a good place to be?
hair salon	Where would you find people who work with a round brush?
nice home	Her answer was just never neglecting housework, her guest had asked her how she keeps such a what?
relaxation	The exercise involved long and deep breathing, this slowed the heart and led to what?
pizza	If no one wants chicken what round nourishment is a safe bet?
basket	What can be used to carry a small dog?
insubstantial	The detective had a lot of corporeal evidence to sort through, unfortunately the bulk of it would prove to be what?
filing cabinet	Where are files likely to be hanging?
killing	He was stabbing to death his wife when he was caught, at trial he still denied the what?
ocean floor	The crab was known to use camouflage to wait for a fish to get within reach, when it was hungry it would set up shop where?
destroy each other	If people are at war with one another, what might they do as a consequence?
speechless	The eloquent performance was stunning, it left everybody what?
confusion	What problems do children have learning about the world?
italy	John climbed a terrace from his balcony in order to sneak out and get an authentic pizza.   Where might John be?
city	The local place didn't have the variety the customer was after, so he traveled to see the show room in the big what?
going to jail	What might happen to someone if they were found guilty of committing perjury?
make up	The couple had a forgiving attitude with each other thereafter, what did they do?
become broken	He bought a warranty for the fragile objects just it case they what?
growing older	As you live life you get wiser, it is a part of what?
expression	Ballet dancing is a form of artistic what?
upstairs	John heard loud noise coming from below him, which was perfectly normal.   It always happened this time of day.  He really hated living here.  Where did he live?
car show	Where can you see people enjoying antique transportation?
playground	Where would you find children playing with a ball or swinging?
barbers	Where are you if professionals are applying hair gel?
sweat	A person takes competing seriously, that person works up a what playing even the simplest of games?
experience fear	What would a parent do if their child is missing?
have fun	What happens when you play games?
misunderstandings	When people aren't communicating or talking to each other, what happens?
basket	Where is a good place for a small dog to sleep?
sporting event	Beer is usually expensive when you attend what public event?
interesting	When you see new people move in next door you might find it what?
hurry along	If people are busy, what do they tend to do?
staggering	When a person drinks, becoming inebriated, how are they likely to move?
detestable	Johnny's behavior was a bigger problem.  Even if the original incident wasn't intentional, his actions afterward are completely what?
classroom	Mary was a high school student student.She hang out in a quiet place where she could study.  Then the bell rang, telling her she needed to go.  Where  did she need to go?
leave work	She had a busy schedule, she had to run errands and pick up the kids the second she did what?
lot of noise	After jumping up and down on the floor, the child's mother yelled after she was told she was distracting her downstairs neighbors because of making what?
panic	He waited far to long before beginning work. What is his immediate state of mind?
in kentucky	If I want a high quality horse, where should I look?
selling things	The person wanted to make money, so what did he do?
captivity	The lizard looked longingly out of its cage, what was the lizards status?
bridge	What would be built on a foundation of rock?
negative	He tried to jump his car, what terminal did he connect to after connecting the positive terminal?
emotional	The drama had quite an affect on the humans, the highs and lows had them all what?
tree	A squirrel ran up to it's home, where is the small dog likely to be barking up?
pantry	The housewife needed dry storage, where should she put her things?
cupboard	Where might I find a bowl nestled among other bowls in the kitchen?
agree or disagree	When people have a variety of opinions, what can they do with one another?
cleanliness	What does someone obsessed with grooming likely enjoy?
question authority	The government cracked down on anybody protesting, what did the government dislike?
church	Bill told the audience that good things would happen to them if they gave him all of their money. Where is Bill most likely speaking?
getting divorce	Joe wants to stop being married to Jane.  Jane doesn't want it, but she sadly accepts what?
enjoyment	Billy loves science, history, and art but isn't very creative.  When he was visiting the museum, he felt a great deal of what emotion?
use water	When trying to clean clothes, what is something that you need?
flat	The screwdriver was surprisingly sharp.  This is because it's tip  was what?
north carolina	What eastern U.S. local government has plenty of crab fishing?
cellar	Where might be an odd place to put a washing machine?
restaurant	Where could I eat a chocolate cake?
being slapped	What might the result of unwanted flirting be?
bad feelings	When they got a divorce, they stopped talking to each other, so what did they have?
cabinet	Where would you put a drink if you do not plan to use it soon?
reject	James didn't understand what was going on, but he knew that he had to choose.   He decided that he wasn't going to accept temptation, and did what to it?
tropical areas	A monkey is out in the wild, where are they likely to be?
tow truck	If a mechanic attaches a chain to your bumper what is he likely driving?
cost money	Why might someone avoid getting a new car?
run programs	What is a computer known to do?
were hungry	You should probably have something healthier than just eat ice cream if you what?
anxiety	What will an unprepared person experience when taking final exams?
dry	The champagne was good, it was both sweet and what?
bottle	When picking up drinks, what kind requires you to hold them by the neck?
mulberry bush	Where would be a good place for a weasel to hide?
name	What does every person have that not every wolf has?
write code	He needed a computer program to do a certain task and he knew how to make it, so he began to do what?
form friendships	When people meet other people in a convivial setting, what tends to happen?
delay	What usually happens to work when taking a break?
dinner	What goes well with drinks?
new york	Their food was the same every where you went, the fast food restaurant was standard from Los Angeles to where?
interests	Bob pulled a rock out of the ground.  He wanted to examine the thing because he was into geology.   He was also into waterskiing.   He had many what?
straight	A surface that doesn't have a slope would be what?
sporting event	The referee wasn't specialized in one thing. He refereed many games.  He was offered a job but wasn't sure what it would be.  What did he know it would be?
nausea	What do eating hamburgers in excess lead to short term?
clean room	If friends comment on the condition of your living space what should you do?
child's hand	Where might a small ball be bounced from?
european city	What area is likely to use a ring road to connect cities?
school	Where would you use a computer while gaining knowledge?
elapsed time	What passes between the point of one destination to another?
bed	Where do young boys hide dirty magazines?
restaurant	Where would someone bring you a cup?
fridge	Where do you hang notes in the kitchen?
suck blood	A flea made the dog itch, this is because to feed it can do what?
large city	The buildings were designed to hold a lot of people, where should it be built?
breathe	What do you need the most to be living life?
object	There were all sorts of shapes in the textbook, the geometry teacher explained how to find the area of the surface for each what?
get full	What happens if you eat hamburger that's very big?
understand	I know the answer, but I do not do what to it?
backache	What could a driver have that could cause the driver to not want to be driving car?
direct traffic	If you see a policeman in the street waving flashlights what are they there to do?
home	He wasn't able to enjoy the party because he was too worried about his things and cleaning up, where was the party?
farmers market	where do you buy the freshest apples?
laughter	What is often an outward expression of happiness?
economic boom	What can a manufacturer experience when people are constantly buying products?
city	A big fountain was the center piece of the renovation, it had all been paid for by a grant to the what?
cabinet	Where might many bottles of glue be stored?
injury	What might be the result of getting hit while crossing the street?
force law	The police didn't pay any favors, their job was to what?
herpes	Why would someone be likely to avoid kissing?
controversy	What can judging something wrong lead to?
stress	What is someone likely the to feel the first day beginning work?
mistrial	What will the judge declare if someone is committing perjury?
stop talking	The loquacious man needed to listen, what should he do?
having fun	Why do people want to read fiction books?
multiplied	What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a result that is orders of magnitude larger?
more money	The shrewd investor had a simple plan to fight inflation, and that was to make what?
dropping out	What do parents worry about while their college students are attending an expensive school?
smile	She couldn't hide she liked the boy she was talking to, she had a constant what?
joining	The cut was deep, the doctor had to use stitches in doing what the sides?
write	Luke was a human. Like most humans, he learned from his parents.  He was mortal, but he could preserve himself by doing what?
perfect world	Every person would get along in a what?
accident	What is a common cause of injury?
annoyance	If you keep telling many people about being a vegetarian what do you risk becoming?
pantry	James imported ugly cabinets because they were cheap.  They wouldn't be seen so it didn't matter what they looked like.  Where might they be installed?
chemotherapy	The comedian made a dull joke about a bald eagle and it ending up that way because of what treatment?
ignition switch	Where would you put your car keys if you want to go driving?
not work so hard	It is a lovely day, let's go outside and skate instead of doing what?
bright	What kind of object would you need to see something dirty underground?
waiting room	Where could you find a magazine that does not need to be paid for to read?
vocation	He worked hard to have great success at his chosen what?
leave open	The cover was a hindrance to the diners, so what did they do with it?
downtown	In any city you usually see a high rise where?
loading dock	If a lot of cargo trucks come and go every day, where would the forklift get the most use?
bus depot	The route passenger was flipping through a magazine, he was bored waiting for his ride where?
heartburn	What is often the result of having lunch too fast?
get cold	If the weather means you what, so do your animals?
friend's house	WHere does someone sit in a chair to gossip?
fountain	She filled the thing with water and went to plug it in, she had finally finished her garden with what centerpiece?
car	Where would you find a single air conditioner?
cd players	If you're hearing sounds what product the uses a laser are you using?
composed	The music was very dear to him, he had done what with it during an important time in his life?
blisters	Dancing or walking too much will lead to what on your feet?
literate	If you know how to read and write you are what?
need food	Having a dog is a responsibility.  To prevent overpopulation you should have them fixed.  And, of course, they also do what?
betrayal	What would you experience if a friend robs you after cashing in chips at a casino?
theater	People took their seats and read their programs. They were expecting to enjoy an entertaining night of what?
mouth	You shouldn't consume toothpaste, despite that it goes in your what??
mulberry bush	The weasel would go round and round the what while waiting to attack?
synagogue	John put the book in his pack and then went off to work.  Where might he be working?
speed up	What do airplanes do as they are beginning to take off?
fight for freedom	Billy was a solider.  He joined the military because he wanted to do what?
death	What might cause someone to have a last passing sentence?
train station	If a bum wanted to ride for free, where might he go?
dwarf	The mountain was very massive.  It did what to the nearby hills?
stage	Where can you find a single musician that an audience is listening to?
asia	What does the Indian Ocean border?
experience	What do you miss out on if you stay in and read book all day?
fabric store	Where might someone find an abundance of cloth?
good	The man finished mowing his lawn and enjoyed a glass of lemonade on his porch, he took a sip and told himself that life was what?
street	You're likely to find broken glass where after a bar closes?
wall	The trim made a good line between the floor and the what?
arcade	Where would you fire a projectile ball at a clown's mouth?
funeral	Where would you be likely to find a dead body?
laziness	The guy was going to bed instead of going to work, what does he suffer from?
valley	What low area between mountains can an apple tree be typically found?
inspiration	Playing piano and other creative activities need what?
go to jail	What happens after committing murder?
boot	Where would you find a heel on apparel?
orbit	What is the path of the earth around the sun called?
shelf	Where would you put a vase on your wall?
california	Where on the U.S. coast would you find Hollywood?
reproduce	What are humans doing when they have offspring?
pants	The robber wanted to conceal his pistol, where did he put it?
drawer	James took the junk off of the place where he sleeps and threw it into what?
home	Where does a tabby cat go to get warm?
dining room	Where in a house would a table be most likely placed?
white teeth	The person was always using mouthwash, why were they doing that?
overweight	What type of person wants to get in shape?
tow truck	What vehicle uses a tow chain?
space shuttle	The seats were designed to accommodate cumbersome clothing, where were they seats located?
newspaper	What's black and white and contains many a story?
concert	Several other people were standing around James.  They were jumping up and down, screaming loudly, and banging their heads.  Where might James have been?
power turbine	Where does water enter in a dam to create electricity?
destroy enemy	During battle he felt great anger, this drove him to do what?
problem	What is one likely trying to find an answer for when something is broken?
thought	What differs in people living in different parts the world?
education	Billy liked seeing new teachers at school.   He enjoyed meeting new people, but didn't care about the quality of his what?
locked	What can you do to a door but not to a jar?
university	Billy was a student taking a course in communications.  Where might he be taking his classes?
london	What city is likely to have a tearoom?
impatience	Driving to work had become a chore for her and she felt what at the slightest hint of traffic?
office	He feels like just a cog in a machine or just a number in a cubicle when he is working where?
tired feet	Danny was visiting a museum.  He spent all day looking at exhibits.  He studied them all careful.  In the end, he went home.  Why might he have gone home?
feeling good	After being in space the astronaut was happy to be breathing fresh air, it left him what?
countryside	Lance spotted a wet beaver in the river.  Where might have lance been?
books	Where could you find out more about a type of lizard?
sore muscles	What is a person using their whole body for work likely to complain of?
emergency room	Where would a doctor rush to?
barber shop	What traditional shop would one find a razor in?
deceive himself	The person saw his wife cheating on him, but tries to forget it, what was he doing?
garish	The contestant had a really smart design idea, he caught the judges attention by just being what?
solitude	After the concert he was glad to be away from the crowd, he valued times of what?
constellation	He looked up for a certain star, it was the one that helped him spot the rest of the what?
looking good	The man was sick of not attracting women and began to practice grooming, what was his goal?
store window	The clerk had a paper sign, where did he put it?
cat	The fleas made her pet scratch a bare spot below it's whiskers, she felt bad for her pet what?
tails	What do cats have but humans and some other animals do not have?
south pacific	Where is a warm water anemone likely to be?
cool down	On the hot day, they liked to eat  ice cream, what was their goal?
marriage	What institution are you trying to dissolve if you're getting a divorce?
virginia	George liked hunting foxes.  Where might he go to do so?
magazine article	If I'm at the doctor's office looking for a good title, what sort of story am I looking to read?
table	When you are eating a meal you normally place a cup on this.
wrong place	The police didn't arrest Bo. They thought he was just where?
wrinkles	Why is someone likely to use an iron when cleaning clothes?
safe	Which door with lock holds valuables?
water	What would you put in a teakettle?
washing dishes	What does someone do when there are dishes astray in the kitchen?
book	Where is knowledge of all kinds likely to be found?
awake	The dream was so terrible, what did the dreamer do?
movies	The library wanted to get the community more involved, so they began to screen family what?
backpack	Where would you carry food while on a long walk in the countryside?
shopping mall	She was there for for just one location and one pair of jeans, but she spent hours looking at everything and anything in the what?
town	James drove down the thoroughfare though his home what?
freezer	Where do you keep perishable food for a longer time?
hotel	If someone rents a room where would the passageway to it be located?
boat house	Where would you keep a canoe?
joy	How might you feel when meeting a friend who company you greatly enjoy?
grand canyon	During one the many famous helicopter tours you can get a bald eagle perceptive of what natural landmark?
table	Where should shoes not be?
applaud	He found it odd that while attending lecture the professor got preachy, and even weirder when his fellow students started to what?
tension	The lawyer explained what committing perjury was, this was big case with high what?
cleanliness	Why would you be doing housework?
fieldhouse	Where is a catwalk unlikely to be?
tropics	Where is known for powerful storms from the ocean?
cupboard	Where is sugar stored when it's not needed?
outside	Where on the planet would you expect a bald eagle to live?
wall	Where would you display a picture on a vertical surface?
embarrassment	If you fell in front of people while going public store how might you feel?
washington d.c	In hat city do the most U.S. politicians work?
fear	What could happen to you if someone threatens to charge you with obstructing justice, even if he or she does not do it?
driveway	The automobile was left outside when the man got home from work, where was i left?
backpack	Where might a student store a pencil when traveling
conference	What kind of call are you on if you're hearing several people over speakers?
water plants	What does a person do before going on vacation?
stable	Where do you find leather horseback riding equipment?
being paid	Why do people want to keep working?
mail box	If I wanted to pay a bill from my house where would I put a letter?
make bread	On a rainy day, Bill likes to do creative things.  He loves to taste things.  He tries his hand on a rainy day. What might he do?
anxiety	She had not been back to work since a bad incident what is she likely to feel upon return?
eat	After I urinate and flush the toilet and wash my hands, what should I do next?
bank savings	The person deposited a check, what was she looking to do?
building	The cafe had seating outside, but you could also sit inside the what?
books and magazines	What is a kind of literature?
location	The place felt wrong, but higher up had said this was the right what?
drunkenness	The had a reputation for celebrating in a  debaucherous manner, what often happened as a result?
cup	After loading up his plate with all the food, what did he look for to wash it all down?
drawer	Who would you go to if you wanted a picture of a thermometer?
forgetfulness	James was hit on the head and suffered a concussion.  He found himself losing consciousness at annoying times.  He also suffered from something else.  What was it?
beach	Where will you find billions of grains of sand?
crash	When a computer stops working it's called a what?
attic	If I need to store old stuff out of the way without concerns of them getting damp, where do I go?
forest	With all the leaves falling each year, a natural compost keeps the soil healthy for all the trees where?
backpack	Where might a child keep their towel for overnight?
choose life	When people are interested in protecting fetuses from abortion, what is a common slogan they campaign with?
prejudice	During offiical judging what must be avoided?
embarrassment	The woman was yelling obscenities in public, and while it was entertaining for people passing by, what did her husband feel?
office	These days, what is the one place you are guaranteed to find a telephone?
talk	A student should not do what while their instructor is lecturing?
enjoy themselves	Why might people go to a party?
greenhouse	Where can plants always be grown?
commercial building	James wanted to build a new concert hall, but his land wasn't zoned for what?
have fun	If you are going to watch your favorite team play a sport what is the most likely thing someone will tell you when you let them know?
boat	If you wanted to move cargo at a low price and time wasn't an issue, what vehicle would you use?
movement	What does hitting the side of a horse cause?
serve justice	The jury determined he was guilty of the crime, and decided that the judge must do what for the victim?
sit down	James tried to arise from the lunch table, where he had done what?
have paper	What do you need to write a letter?
library	Where is someone likely to find a huge amount of text?
star trek	What movie would a human watch if they were really nerdy?
public place	The paper sign had notice of a civic meeting, where should it be posted?
boiling water	The crab was when it saw something in the kitchen, what did it see?
office	If you take a call while away from work where are you likely to be?
restaurant	Where are you if you've received bbq after paying?
national park	There are many natural landmarks that need to be protected at what locations?
see favorite show	She said it was her turn to watch television, it was time for her to what?
confusion	Lying can cause what when trying to find accurate information?
feel better	What will happen after you have rest?
terrible	Most people would think killing people is what kind of act?
war	Violence is present in many human endeavors, including sports.  But Danny doesn't play sports.  He does violence only during what?
blisters	Walking to much with poorly fitting shoes can cause what?
wear out	Washing clothes over and over many times what do they do?
commercial	What is a performance by actors on tv to promote buying a certain product?
airport	Where would one catch a connection flight?
one mouth	What do humans have for speaking?
save money	If you want to go on vacation what do you need to afford the trip?
complete collection	If a person has one of every kind of a thing, what do they have?
marine museum	The jaw skeleton of the shark was on display for the children to walk through, it was one of the many attractions where?
enjoying	He wanted to but couldn't concentrate on playing game with friends, he wished he could just be doing what with it?
flatulence	Bill sits down on a whoopee cushion, what sound does he make when he sits?
airport	The convenience was unparalleled, but the traveler was just waiting for the landing at the what?
atlas	A man wanted to find the United States on a visual, where should he look?
supermarket	Where might families decide on dinner together?
arm himself	The person was scared of violent burgulars, what did he do?
playing dead	If you dont want to get bit by a dog you can do what?
play games	What is good way to break boredom for kids?
new york	Where are you not likely to find an apple tree?
church property	The graveyard was zoned by the pastor, where was it located?
south lake tahoe	He was staying at a resort near Nevada and California, he left on his boat from the dock in the north and at the opposite end spotted a bald eagle, where was he?
depression	Jamie is returning to work today.  He was forced to leave work because some bad things had happened and his serotonin levels were low and he was suffering from something that made him lethargic? What was he suffering from?
desk drawer	He had a very expensive writing instrument in his office and didn't want to lose it, where did he put it?
impudence	Modesty is an important virtue.   An insufficient amount of it in the face of individuals of greater station may be interpreted as what?
sears	Where can you buy sports equipment tools and a lawn mower at the mall?
arriving at desination	When going to the market, you will be happy when you?
fall asleep	Why did his eyes close and he begin to snore while listening to music that was quiet?
slot machine	The token was being wished upon desperately, where was it bound for?
go somewhere	Curiosity got him out of his small hometown, he simply wanted to what?
enjoy yourself	Why do people want to have fun?
success	After taking my final exams I got my grades back and had  a 4.0 gpa, how did I feel?
engine	What item has parts such as rods and pistons?
collection of books	What is not always found in a large volume?
cleanliness	Dan's mother always told him that bathing was necessary because it led to what?
advertisement	The cow was a star.  Everyone knew it from the what?
take bus	Sally waited in the rain with another person.  Both of them were waiting to do what?
kitchen drawer	Where can I store this clean fork if I am not presently using it?
mall	Where might customers go to walk around?
beautiful	A great singers voice is going to be?
knit	What can you do in your house during the winter?
use	What is the purpose of a basketball court?
bus station	The extrovert didn't mind talking to the stranger, to him it was half the fun to him of taking public transportation to school and waiting at the what?
unpredictable	Why is it difficult to tell what the weather might do sometimes?
let down	She felt like she never had any support, people always seemed to what?
falling down	What happens when someone trips when going for run?
gate	What might lock after someone drives in?
university	What type of college do you learn science at?
fairy tale	Where could you find a cow that is not real?
sunny place	The lizard tried to warm itself by resting where?
mountains	If a cottage is above the cloud line, where is it?
loss of money	Sally loved shopping and she hated it.  She loved getting what she wanted, and she never bought to much, but it was still painful for her to buy, because she hated any what?
sleepiness	What leads to someone going to to bed?
feel better	The man was forgiving the person who betrayed him, how is his conscience?
corral	To prevent unwanted pregnancies, you'd keep the heifers and the bulls in separate what?
people will understand	When you're expressing yourself in simple terms, what sort of reaction would be expected?
house	Where can you play a board game with your family?
case	How does a police officer report his work?
england	People needed to find a red telephone box in the country side, where are they looking?
trust himself	What does a confident person do?
city	James wants to go to a large church, what some might call a megachurch.  Where would he look for one of those?
cellar	Where are you heading if you walk down a staircase to get a jar of preserves?
working hard	He was bound to get hired quickly apply for job, he had a reputation for what?
teach each other	When two people know different things and want to help, what do they do?
criminal trial	What is killing likely to lead to for legal purposes?
encyclopedia	What is considered to be an outdated way to gain knowledge?
definitely	The woman said she might show up, but being as she was committed, what is the likelihood she would show up?
town	After exiting a ring road and headed to a group of homes, where are you going?
maintain balance	What was the hardest thing for her to do while learning to ski?
coma	If someone is clinging on to life they can be in a what?
lute	The medieval costumed man pranced around playing music moving his hands wildly on the fingerboard of his what?
becoming tired	What happens when going for a run too many times?
tornado	What causes furniture to become a projectile?
wood pile	If you're chopping fuel for a fire, when you see a marmot, where would you put it?
missile	What weapon will aim for the nose of an aircraft?
headache	Spending too much time contemplating can lead to what kind of pain?
erase	They burned the record, they were trying to do what to history?
feel better	After being in a hospital for weeks and breathing fresh air finally, what happened to the released patient?
office building	Where is a dentist office likely to be?
science class	Where might a student grow a ficus?
hunt for food	The neolithic person was hungry, so what was their solution to the prblem?
car	Where can just a few passengers ride?
reconciled	how is a Christian likely to feel about their death?
falling asleep	If your resting and your eyes close what may you be doing?
medicine cabinet	Where do you store your deodorant when not using it?
illustrate point	Someone expressing anger will shake their fists to do what?
express emotion	She created music to share how she felt with another, what was her goal?
smile	Performing at her sales job was tiring, no matter how she felt she had to put on a big what?
edible	What is food that is able to be eaten?
logging camp	A day didn't go by without somebody needing a saw, that's why everybody had their own at the what?
acting	When someone is pretending to cry they are?
driving	The police saw the moving car, what did they know the suspect was doing?
purse	Where would you put your change if you plan to use it soon and you are not a man?
losing	What is the worst part of playing games?
home	After work and errands the mother just wanted some peace and quiet, she couldn't wait to just get where?
could	What is the likelihood of drowning when getting wet?
fast food restaurant	If a person wants to get coffee without leaving their car, where might they stop?
mall	If a storey contained many small restaurants, what type of structure would it be in?
contempt	James had almost religious reverence for Bill, but Bill didn't return the feelings.  How did Bill treat James.
belief	What is a synonym for faith?
tree	What type of plant is the tallest found on earth?
sleep in	Why does a person stay in bed on the weekend?
rest area	You can get off the road and relax on a couch at what roadside location?
heavy	A motorcycle is quicker because it isn't as what as a car?
muttering	James is eloquent, usually.  Today he was just doing what to himself?
wyoming	You could call it jackson for short, but you'd be leaving out a hole when talking about a place where?
pots	What might I use to grow a ficus on my patio?
drugstore	Where would you not be able to find a diaphragm if there is no one in it?
school	Where might students have to attend more than one period?
public gardens	What floral area is a monument usually placed in?
bar	What businesses  serve liquor?
street	The house wasn't connected to anything but rather was randomly plopped down in the woods, what did it need to have visitors?
diverse	The world is very big, it has many countries and continents on it's spherical surface.  There are many types of people It's very what?
old west	Where are you if you're buying whiskey, grain, and saddles at the general store?
active	If you spend time doing what you will need a rest?
expense	As the company was concerned about profit, what were they looking to cut?
ceiling	What in the building is very far from the ground floor?
attempt to fly	If you saw a fish break the surface of the water and flap its fins in the air, you might think it is doing what?
lake	Where do you throw a pebble to watch a ripple?
meeting	His boss told him that he would be speaking to the group that afternoon, he needed him to share his knowledge at the next what?
garage	The tool was stored in what part of the house with the car?
muscles	Exercising by lifting weights will give you large what?
shattering	What happens when glass has been hit?
fart	What can cause someone to want to go somewhere else because it's so smelly?
feeling better	It was stuffy, so she decided on breathing fresh air, what happens as a result?
longer lines	What is the result of more people getting in line?
torture	They really needed the information prisoner, so they did the least human thing and began to what the prisoner?
all mammals	Where characteristically has a heart?
crowding	what happens when visiting museum that have narrow halls?
work hard	Sarah did all of it.  She was the best saleswoman in the city.  But she was never acknowledge for her what?
online	Nowadays, where to people find most of their information?
relaxation	James found himself watching films all the time.  He did it because he was too high strung and needed some what?
warm house	Bob lights a fire in the wood stove in the winter, what does he want?
reverse	Jim is normal.  He are bad sushi, and he made a terrible mistake.  He hit a car because he mistook forward for what?
step down	When a leader has committed crimes against their people, what should they do?
grocery store	What type of place has stopped giving out plastic shopping bags?
son's room	He spent all summer in his room playing video games, because of this it wasn't surprising for Mother to find a stack of dirty dishes in her what?
lose weight	Why might a person decide to start jogging?
hollowness	James thought that the desk was built with solidity, but when he rapped on it he could hear what?
nature	A rosebush or squirrel or other plants and animals are part of what?
invisible	The class was clear, and that made it almost what?
unfinished	Wanting the road to be complete, what was the road like to have frustrated the mayor so?
television	What could have a knob and emits light and sound?
fruit basket	Billy loved grapes and other similar foods, so for his birthday his friends bought him one of these.  What did they buy him?
wheeze	The doctor could tell there was a problem with his lung right away, every time he would breathe he would also what?
football stadium	Where do people gather to see large men in pads play a game where they run and smash in to each other?
wins	when im competing in a competition what should i aim for
refrigerator	Where can personal mushrooms be kept fresh?
stress	He knew that beginning work on this job would mean he couldn't get home on time for several days. What is his reaction?
letter	If you're doing some typing, what is one thing you could be creating?
drink	What is a good thing to do while eating?
public place	Where do fountains tend to exist?
sweat	The two teams were really competing out there, they had all worked up a what?
shake hands	What will happen after agreeing with verbally about a deal that you made with him or her?
hospital	Where would you see someone using a thermometer?
casino	You can find cards all sorts of places, but if you want to bet on them in all sorts of games where should you go?
most cities	What places would have a cemetery?
san diego	They weren't quite south of the border but close enough, after seeing some Navy ships they had dinner at an authentic mexican restaurant where?
village	Where is likely to have an open air market?
getting fat	What happens after having food too much?
use drugs	What's a bad thing people do?
clean	The stack of dirty dishes was quite high, it was definitely time to what?
guard tower	It was my turn to stand watch, so where did I go for my shift?
medicine cabinet	You need to take your morning pill. Where in your house would you look for it?
kitchen	Where is plumbing likely to be clogged by food?
neighbor's house	Where is the lawnmower I hear from across the street?
seafood restaurant	Rita liked the taste anemone, so she got one from what kind of place?
england	When William the conqueror crossed the English Channel, where was he looking to tgo?
accidents	Drinking alcohol should be avoided. In addition to making you sick, it can cause what?
having dinner	If someone is cooking near the end of the day what are they going to have?
dream	Bill suffered from boredom. He'd stare off and do what?
kitchen cupboard	Where would you store a saltshaker when not in use?
white house	Where might a soldier be honored?
pizza parlor	The baking open is sometimes made of brick in what kind of place where you get round food?
fridge	James went to wipe the dust off of everything in his kitchen.  He carefully removed a poster and dusted behind it.  Where might the poster have been?
legal	What is a reason to pay your television bill?
restitution	What is likely to be the result of instituting civil action?
clothing store	Where would you go if you only wanted to buy clothes?
tears	WHat does someone usually produce a lot of when getting divorce?
meet interesting people	Boredom led him to go out to the bar, there were many characters there and he what?
law office	A man was called a weasel for "ambulance chasing," where did he likely work?
possibility	The scientists thought it was an impossibility, but with new evidence there was a chance it was a what?
special	Every one of the kids felt average, but the teacher explained that each one was what?
water	On their hike they brought a filtering straw, they were worried about germs in the what?
hotel	John put something on the night table.  But he forgot about it in the morning because it was unfamiliar. Where was he?
suburbs	Where would find a townhouse that is not attached to other houses?
may laugh	Bob was having fun with bill.  How might Bob express his feelings?
bookstore	James loved his workplace.  He was a cashier but he has a lot of leisure time which he spent browsing the new releases and bestsellers.  Where might he be working?
detestable	What would someone be if he or she killed the biggest amount of people?
airport	James searched his hotel for the return ticket.  He needed to find it before he left for where?
california	Where would a rosebush be most likely to die due to lack of water?
four legs	cats have how many apendages?
countryside	Where could you see a landmark surrounded by many miles of plants, other than in a park?
being awake	What do you need to make sure that you are at night while driving?
desk drawer	He needed to sign the papers, he got his good fountain pen from the sliding what?
care about	How do most people feel about a person they love?
learning new skills	Sarah went to school to be a nurse.  She loved giving assistance to people in need. To better help people, she had to constantly do something.  What might she do to better help people?
georgia	Sarah was cooking thick gravy in her saucepan because she wanted some authentic soul food.  Where might Sarah live?
raise hell	The man is drunk and angry, what does he look to do to others?
look better	The man was disheveled and wanted to clean clothes, so what was he hoping to achieve?
corn fields	The weasel was scavenging in the cold winter on a farmer's land, where was he likely?
neighbor's yard	Joe was running around his home and crossed a property boundary, running into a meticulously manicured rosebush and doing damage to both it and himself.  Where might the rosebush been located?
u.s	The bald eagle can be a symbol, it elicits feeling of patriotism where?
shaking hand	How do you signal that you are agreeing with someone on a deal?
street	What divider is often between two buildings that cars drive on?
god's creation	Many people gather together on Sundays, they tend to believe that earth is what?
outside	Billy is an animal, but he is alergic to trees. He hates them very much.  Still, he wants to have a picnic and can't stand the idea of buying food from a restaurant.  Where would he have his picnic?
speed	Driving to work late is never pleasant, but you still shouldn't what?
cruise ship	Where is a dining area likely to be extravagant?
fall down	She spent the whole night getting drunk, now she refused to get up off the floor because she figured she would just what again?
table	What could you put your foot under?
bottom out	If ships are in a storm and the sun comes out, what has happened?
sky	Where do bees spend time traveling?
kiss	What is a way that couples like to go about 	having fun ?
minnesota	John runs a corner shop in the American Midwest, in a place known for its Vikings. In what region is his shop most likely located?
space	Where is the milky way?
medicine cabinet	Jimmy kept his double edged razor where he could use it easily.  It was where?
wings	Danny liked to watch birds.  Birds don't have arms.  What do they have instead of arms?
successful in life	Why would a person go to school?
move	What does your body do when walking?
gain speed	What could happen to a car when you press one of its pedals?
bad	The man owned a lot of guns, he thought more gun control was what?
found	There was a ruin under the site.  Billy did what to it?
drop	Brian  took the tool  from the shelf. He thought no one noticed.  As he was talking out, the cashier told him to do what to it?
fists	James punched a man again and again. His nose bled, and some blood covered Jame's what?
flowers	What does an apple tree need to create new trees?
petty	John was an important person, but when wronged he could be what?
wastebasket	The park had a refuse and littering problem, so they added another what?
going someplace	Dan is driving a car, though he's stopped at a light right now. What else can we assume that he's doing?
listening	When someone talk, what does someone else usually do to the person talking?
business district	What type of area would you be entering if dressed in a suit when putting your car in a parking lot?
ground	The person wanted to use her ear to detect the buffalo herd, where did she put it?
mistakes	How would grooming lead to bald spots?
buy food	If somebody was ready to eat breakfast they would enter the kitchen, but if it was barren they'd have to what?
mouth	Where is a very bad place for bad bacteria?
beef stew	What is a good place for a potato to mix with other veggies?
house	Which door with lock do you secure when running an errand?
pacific ocean	The crab realized that it was in danger at the Tokyo fish market, where did it run away to?
ice cube	What could water turn into?
shipyard	From where is a submarine launched?
study	What can you do before taking final exams to help with them?
standing	The teacher told the choir that they might faint and fall if they locked their knees while what?
interesting	When someone is deeply involved while they watch a film, the film must be very?
little	He had a great time with his what brother?
talking about	When you are relaxing with friends, what are you doing if you discuss anything?
feel embarrassed	What might happen to a person after falling?
have fun	While eating a hamburger with friends, what are people trying to do?
friendship	Agreeing with someone who you have fun with can lead to what?
eat meat	Humans often have hunting instincts, so what do they do?
comparison shopping	Why would someone visit many stores before buying products?
friend's house	As they left his house he insured them that it was okay they could come to the party too because it was taking place where?
most businesses	What entity would have a fire extinguisher in their boardroom?
retaliation	What is someone likely to do to someone accused of killing people they love?
buy clothes	A person doesn't have pants that fit, what should he do?
drink water	Horses are big animals that get a lot of exercise.  Because he this, they need to do what?
nature preserve	Where would you find a sloth that is not afraid of being hunted?
ground	Where does trash end up if you don't put it in a proper receptacle?
neighbor's house	Where is there likely to be a pool near your own home?
new york city	What is the biggest group of people on the east coast where you will find skyscrapers?
stage show	The students helped build the backdrop, it was just one of the parts of putting on their little what?
can produce	What is a convenient way for a farmer to preserve their crops?
great outdoors	Where can you enjoy a hike and maybe an enccouter with a fox?
real estate office	At reception desk John asked  to see a person who was helping him make a sale.  Lilly came out immediately and took him back to her space, and talked to him about his needs.  He said that he was willing to lower the price to 80,000 if it would sale faster.  Where might John be?
office	Where are folding chairs likely to be found?
write down	The journalist had a simple approach, see story; do what?
living room	The stove had to be moved so the kitchen could be remodeled, where did it go?
take pills	Because he was a poor patient, what did he resist doing when nurses prompted him?
sporting event	Where are hot dogs are a commonly sold item away from a grocery store?
richer	The husband never worked a day, but after getting divorced received alimony, what did he become as a result?
most offices	Name a sort of place where live crabs are not allowed.
pharmacy	WHere do you typically buy prescription suntan lotion?
thrift store	If you like your jeans already broken in where should you shop?
container	Where would you put a ficus if you do not want it to damage your floor?
singing	What do people do to pass time when washing clothes?
wait in line	The demand from people was high, how can chaos be avoided?
relaxation	Humans usually get what from taking a break?
toy store	If I wanted to buy a chess pawn, where would be a good place to look?
concert hall	Billy and June were driving down the street when they heard lovely sound coming from a something.  What might that be?
resentment	John didn't think he and Steve should be competing against each other.  It wasn't good for their relationship.  The losers always felt jealousy and what?
good health	Why would you be getting in shape?
problems	What does lying about oneself likely to lead to?
die	What does someone committing suicide want to do?
smile	She was pretending to be happy for others, she would always what?
livingroom	Where can you work on needlepoint near the entrance of you home?
go to sleep	James needed more sleep at night, so he did what earlier?
every town	James goes to church regularly.  He needs to move, but wants to move to a place with a church.  Where, in America, might one expect to find a church?
countryside	When potatoes aren't raised in town where are they raised?
religion	Some say they are at odds, but many find solace in both science and what?
apathy	What does someone who does not feel alacrity or anything feel?
ancient history	The mammoth has often been considered for cloning, if this happened it would would make it no longer just what?
harsh	The troublemaker had been hoping for a soft punishment, but the ruling handed down was quite what?
antidote	He had just drank poison, and the man who had given it to him was now mockingly showing the what?
amusement park	Where would you use a turnstile that does not require inserting a ticket?
public outrage	Punishing innocent people with the death penalty should cause what?
articulate	The fingers do this with the hand. What is it?
refrigerator	Where is the best place to keep personal lettuce?
windowsill	Where would sunshine be likely to fall on a plant that a person owns?
empowerment	What is a positive effect of expressing yourself?
closet	Danny sealed the small box and put it somewhere cozy and out of the way but easily accessible. Where might he put it?
buy food	Sally went to a store and spent money.  Most of her purchases were fresh but some were frozen.  What did she do?
hotel	If one wanted great bar service and maybe a room afterwards, where would be a good place to go?
restaurant	Where does someone ask for refills with a meal?
respect	If you contemn someone they most certainly will not have your what?
smile	He was thanking everybody for coming, he gave them each a big what?
hard	He had really bad hand-eye coordination, so playing baseball was what?
take several forms	What can happen to water at different temperatures?
post office	If you're moving, the people here will forward your letters for you.
ancient rome	In what society did slaves outnumber the citizens?
measureing distances	Before buying a house, what should I look for concerning my job?
nursery rhyme	He played the bass fiddle professionally, but for his baby he used it to play a fun simple what?
cupboard	Where do you store mugs in your house?
bright light	What does there need to be for a shadow to appear?
frustration	What may you feel after standing in line for a long time and not getting what you were after?
south america	What continent is a marmot likely to be found on?
excited	The person got called down as a contestant, he ran down the aisle very what?
loosing	The poker player was not gaining money on the night, what was he doing instead?
have job	If someone goes to work, what does that mean about them?
paris	Where would someone not impressed by the eiffel tower likely be living?
money	What do you keep in a billfold?
library	Where might informational pamphlets be found?
you're bored	He saw the kid begin to fiddle with things, he then stated his observation to the kid saying what directed at him?
infinite	The universe is quite vast, most say it is even what?
restaurant	Where are you if you've paid to be in a dinning room?
office	The man drank his coffee at work?
money	He wanted to comfort friend with piling medical bills, he set up an event to raise what?
branch out	What is a good simile about trees that can be used in the workplace?
orbit	Where might astronauts who miss a landing end up?
school bus	Where is a fire extinguisher likely to be found behind the seat?
freezer	Where can chicken be kept fresh longer?
neighbor's house	Where would people go if they want to talk to someone?
brainless	After getting high his memory seemed shot, he felt practically what?
shelf	Where are books often kept in a home?
light fire	What is the fastest way to combat being cold?
better standard of living	Another result of changing society could be what?
flowerpot	A ficus can get quite large, but a smaller one can be kept inside in a what?
feel upset	The person sees the messy house that was clean earlier that day, what was the reaction?
unpredictable	Starting a fire is a terrible idea because flames move in what pattern?
california	The person was trapped on the freeway on the way to a movie audition, where was he?
park	Alcoholic refreshments are sometimes banned in what public places?
necessary to live	Why do people eat food even when they do not lke to?
go to jail	What will happen if you apply a heat source to combustible materials inside of a building with ill intentions?
countryside	You'll see the plains and mountains when driving through where?
valley	What feature can a river flow through?
straighten	The cord had many a twist, he held it across in both hands and tried to do what to it?
fulfilling	The man was happy to be seeing his idea become a reality, and knew his father would be proud, what did he feel in himself?
optical device	How can you see an extreme closeup of a potato?
theater	The people were building a backdrop for the play, their tools echoed in the empty what?
own home	Where does someone keep their favorite text?
feel lonely	What could happen to a person if no one is around him or her?
indigestion	The man with Crohn's disease was eating a hamburger, what happened as a result?
pain and suffering	The hard working man was stuck at home after his injury, he tried to keep bust doing housework but it caused what?
demonstration	Today was a big day at the trade show, he was finally going to show off his product to the public and give a what?
discomfort	What do people feel when they have a bit of hunger?
oxygen intake	The exhausted football player was having trouble breathing fresh air, on the sideline he put on a mask to increase his what?
sharing information	People are always talking for a multitude of reasons, the most basic is that  is a way of doing what with one another?
play with toys	Cats are easily entertained, they love to what?
reach over	If a child is given a warning at the dinner table, it is because they did what to get the mashed potatoes?
pay to	What do customers do to a waiter after the waiter serves customers?
throwing	The baseball team was playing ball. It was time for the pitcher to act. How did the pitcher get the ball to the batter?
disagree with each other	Even though people in the team sometimes what, they argue constructively?
studios	Where would you find a monitor wall that is used for visualizing sounds?
choir	What would a soprano be a part of in church?
potence	Sarah didn't think of her condition as a disability. She could still do the work, though it robbed her of what?
symphony	During what could you hear a viola along with many other types of instruments?
closet	Some people have many pairs of jeans, they store them in their what?
classroom	So as not to disrupt instruction, there were always spare pencils in the what?
laughter	What is likely heard by those going to a party?
london	She left the states and traveled across the pond, her next art gallery was in what city?
press conference	Where could a star be walking?
office building	Where might you find a large clock outside?
town	The restaurant had no business out in the countryside, where should it move to?
police station	Where could you find a policeman that is sitting down?
assembly line	How are machines put together?
candies	What does a person get out of a pinata?
water	If you wanted to cross this, you might want a canoe.  What is this?
underwater	Where does a jellyfish always live?
take oath	What might someone do to someone they love to show their commitment?
junkyard	The man had spent all day collecting old appliance and such, he took the metal to get scrapped where?
soccer field	Where would you kick a ball that has grass?
different	Everybody is their own, all people are what?
riot	The government was instituting civil action left and right, the people fought back and began to what?
injured person	The nurse had to grade severity of each wound during the emergency, that way the doctor could treat each what in the best order?
pay less	James wants the government to fight inflation. Why might James want inflation to be lower?
light	If you are deep in a cave, what would you follow to find your way out?
keep secret	What will a friend do for you?
perennial	What are the flowers that last forever called?
chinatown	She heard a gong while walking through new york city, where was she likely?
feel better	He was having a bad day and felt gloomy, praying seemed to begin to make him what though?
sporting goods store	Where can you get a puck to take home?
deaths	What part of the life-cycle can love never conquer?
water	What do tv studios use milk to mimic?
manhattan	Balthazar is a popular french restaurant located where?
round	The elementary-age child was asked to describe a ball, what word did he likely use for it?
refrigerator	John was disgusted when he opened this and saw mold.  What is this?
greece	What country was known to have many amphitheatres?
maze	What type of corn structure would contain many passageways?
great	The critic found the movie mediocre, but the public called him jaded as the majority found it what?
use television	What electronic device would be used when being bored?
take away	When the package failed to deliver due to nobody being home, what did the carrier have to do?
oven	If your cake is still unbaked, where should you put it?
play chess	What might cause boredom?
orchestra	The conductor ordered the gong to sound, who was the gong player playing with?
relax	The man always would play games to unwind after work, what effect did it have on him?
steam room	Where would you find water that is not visible?
jerusalem	Bobby worked in a kosher deli, but all delis were kosher where he lived.   Where might he live?
falling down	What happens to a person on stairs after getting drunk?
problems	Why would someone be committing murder?
new york	Even though he was a tourist he went to a fast food restaurant, of all the choices of pizza alone, he still chose a chain where?
possessing	A lack of belongings means you aren't what material items?
countryside	Where do bees go to find wildflowers?
die	What is likely to happen to trees that are dry?
hamper	Where would you put clothing that you have already used?
city centre	Where can you go to thousands of bus station?
eat hamburger	Randy was suffering from great hunger and he didn't even need cheese or toppings, he just wanted to what?
rivalry	If two men are competing, why don't they like each other?
georgia	The farmer wanted to grow cotton near Florida, where should he plant his cotton?
ideas	What new things can lead to understanding better?
christmas stocking	Where would a child be happy to find chocolate?
television	On what device can you watch a program without leaving your home?
matter to	She looked longingly at her unrequited love, what did she want to be for him?
inhale	In order to sneeze one must do what?
front door	Where in a house might someone ring a bell?
feeling satisfied	If someone has a delicious lunch what are they likely to claim?
air	What could hydrogen be added to to cause it to explode?
jealousy	James doesn't want a relationship. He thinks that loving another will only create what?
death	What is the final phase of a living being's life?
alone	Where could you be if you are sit quietly?
read to	The mascot gathered the children around the campfire, he then began to what them?
anything	John knows that molecules are very important.  Where might John look for them?
bible	What would you read about an apple tree in?
accident	Skiing can be very risky, it can be the cause of a very serious what?
loss of life	James enjoyed playing games, but he didn't like games that lacked safety.  He was afraid of potential what?
lap	A tabby cat might be found laying where?
amazon basin	A large river drains into a tropical forest where?
reproducing	What to living things do to continue their species?
exhausted	Something I haven't done recently is have rest, how do I feel?
relaxation	Work can be a grind, it makes you appreciate times of what?
house	Bob didn't know that the secret passageway was there when he bought the place. It led to a bomb shelter in the back yard.  Where might the passage way have been?
safe deposit box	Where would you put jewlery if you do not plan to use it soon?
very smart	What is likely true about a dog that escapes regularly?
gap	What popular clothing retailer often has a fitting room to try on clothing?
headaches	The fumes weren't being well ventilated, the worker kept getting what?
syllable	What do you use to pronounce parts of a letter?
male or female	Humans tend to be born two ways, these two ways are what?
thick	Why might someone have a hard time seeing through a clear medium?
fairgrounds	There's tickets, rides, and games but the real money made where is in the food sales?
neighborhood	Where could you find 10 or 100 home that are not attached together?
buy food	How might I procure what I need to eat?
fairness	The person didn't like the varying size of the cake slices handed out, she demand more what?
falling asleep	What do you read to help with at night?
rug	What often goes under furniture?
geek	The boy was popular, but because of the things he liked he was considered a bit of a what?
losing weight	Why would you be going for run if you are not ill?
make time	What is something you do when you want to see someone?
discover truth	The police had been stumped for years, the grieving family hired a private investigator in a hope to what?
space shuttle	Where does the toilet fly outside the atmosphere and glides to a landing?
shame	The judge found him guilty of committing perjury, this brought the man great what?
mall	Where can you find many clothing sellers in the same place?
trade places	If two groups of people want to vacation somewhere else for free, what can they do?
excrete	Humans have a long digestive tract, so what do they do?
son	Unlike identical twins, with fraternal you can end up with both a daughter and what?
western north america	Where could you find more than a few bald eagle?
bee hive	What is something that would become uninhabited if it did not have a queen?
good repair	What is the payment collected on a toll road designed to do to the condition of roads?
war	When an army is sent abroad to combat zones, what might they be doing?
jar	Johnny was looking for cookies that his mom had hid from him.  Where might he look for them?
clear	The jeweler was impressed by the quality of the diamonds, why was he so impressed?
feel sleepy	Why could someone fall down after eating lunch?
bedroom	Where would you find an armoire when you retire at the end of the day?
attic	Where are the boxes that can't be accessed while standing upright?
feeling satisfied	What do you experience after doing housework?
bus	The local business needed an advertisement, they bought one on the side of what public transport?
rivalry	The two teams were competing all the time, what likely developed between them?
open mouth	If I am tilting a drink toward my face, what should I do before the liquid spills over?
happiness	He was finding information through meditation and yoga, what was he seeking?
considerable	The amount of effort put into the losing project was negligible, how much effort was put into the winning project?
encouraging	What do fans do to players competing against each other?
breathlessness	What does exercising lead to when you are out of shape?
desktop	Where does one put a calendar in their home?
discovering truth	The team began analysing all the DNA evidence, they were hoping to once and for all be what?
wake up	They may be out of bed, but for some they don't what until they eat breakfast?
neighbor's house	The car needed to be parked while the crew refinished his driveway, where did he park it?
fun	Chatting with friends and playing games is great what?
magazine	You can read about new bullet varieties in a what for weapons enthusiasts?
think for himself	What is a student encouraged to do as they mature?
wetting bed	When a young child is sleeping what is something that is common for their age?
unfeeling	John carred for Lucy but had trouble expressing it.  Lucy was disturbed by John's inability to express affection and felt that he was what?
many colors	What would you see if there were different types of flowers near you?
acquire	He came across a raw item but his pack was full, he had to abandon something if he was to what the item?
walking	When you drive you may have to stop if someone is doing what?
make babies	What are two people likely to do that three will not do?
neighborhood	The small locally owned beauty salon had it's grand opening, people hoped it would boost the economy in the surrounding what?
arrested	If the authorities see you hurting someone else what will happen to you?
fleas	What do dogs get that make them itch?
tiredness	Standing in line is made more difficult by what?
trying to stay happy	What is an important part of living that people often forget to do?
take lessons	What do you have to do to learn to play violin?
skill	Playing poker takes a lot of luck, but being consistent takes what?
ugly	Sally isn't beautiful.  She looks okay, just plain. But she doesn't think so. She has image issues and thinks that she's what?
hangover	If you're drinking for the purpose of getting drunk, the next morning what might you experience?
bored	What feeling does see favorite show eliminate?
state park	Where are trees safest?
group objects	Some people went shopping to buy racks. What will they do with them?
court room	If a person is trying to weasel out of punishment for a crime, where are they likely to be?
get full	If you have plenty to eat when you have lunch you'll do what?
tasty	Why do people like eating hamburgers?
hinder	What happens when you try to help someone but make it worse?
opera	Where do older people sometimes want to hear the singer more than the music?
pleasure	Stopping being married to her allowed him to again pursue his dreams, it brought him what?
bate	If you're going fishing what do you need to buy?
closet	Alexa needed a safe place to put her acoustic guitar when she wasn't playing it.  Where might she put it?
kiss	What do you physically do to someone that you love?
entertained	What do people watch television to become?
disneyland	John and James wanted to eat hot dogs but weren't sure where they could by some.  They asked a costumed person for directions.  This was their first trip where?
depressed	When do girls eat ice cream on the couch?
being comforted	How might praying make someone feel as they wait for an outcome?
overspending	What is a risk of going on vacation?
bed	Where might shoes be found under?
prepare	The man wanted to have food ready for the work week, so he decided to what his meals ahead of time?
chicken coop	Where would someone find freshest possible eggs?
cabinet	Where will you store a bowl while not in use?
australia	On what continent would you find a lemur?
shock	The child wanted to test electricity, so what did he feel as a result?
forward	Although he didn't reply to the email, what did he do with it since he found it funny?
garage	Dad is putting away folding chairs after a party, where does he store them?
direct traffic	If you see policemen outside wearing safety vest and holding flashlights, what are they doing?
hospital	Where could you find an armchair that is used by many people?
stress relief	What is a psychological benefit of having fun?
countryside	All the wild flowers were in bloom, it looked like somebody had painted the entire what?
hunting lodge	Where might someone store guns in a loft?
large building	The school has three wings and had enough space for 5000 students. How might one describe it?
opera house	Where are you if you're hearing a bass clarinet accompanying people singing in German?
plants	The farmer is making grow a tomato, what does he specialize?
relaxation	James was planning a vacation. he was doing this because he worked hard and needed something. What did he need?
fall apart	If a product doesn't last, what does it have a reputation of doing?
scattering	The alley cats were all beginning to gather together, but one loud crash sent them all what?
do nothing	Sarah did much hard work, even though she was on vacation.  Her mother told her off and said what?
sound	What is something that comes from your voice?
cool off	What might someone be trying to achieve by getting wet?
roof	What might end up on the roof?
sadness	WHat does learning about world poverty lead to?
cow pasture	Where would the heifer go to join her herd?
movie theater	The audience sits enthralled watching a spectacular battle full of shooting and explosions.  Where is the audience most likely to be?
table	Where would you put onions right before chopping them?
instrument case	When not playing your mandolin, where would you store it?
meeting	How do the bosses share knowledge in person at work?
stadium	A member of the audience was struck in the head by a ball. What sort of building is the audience most likely in?
skip	If children are happy, what do they do?
rest area	If a phoneless person needs to make a call from a public phone, where might they find one?
complete	What does someone want to do fast when they complete something in a perfunctory way?
hundredweight	A quarter of it was twenty five pounds, so the whole was what?
enjoyment	John didn't have to ride his bike.  He did it for only one reason. What reason is that?
theatre	The play was nearly starting, everybody took their seat in the what?
stage	Where does a cast act?
humiliation	Dancing poorly in public may make you feel what?
alpenstock	What is the object with a point used for mountain climbing?
beehive	THe apiarist bought a new queen, where was the queen bound?
universe	Where are there more than 1 trillion planets like earth?
make fire	John and George are camping together.  They're sitting around a pile of sticks and john is lighting a match.  Why is john lighting a match?
playful mood	The monkey was hopping around, climbing things, and swinging around his habitat.  What might he have been feeling?
happiness	What is likely to be a child's reaction to going to play?
electronic devices	LEds  are commonly found on kehyboards and other what?
pull up covers	When you want to go to bed with a pretty girl and want to get warm, what do you need to do?
supermarket	Where can you buy alcohol and items for nourishment?
apartment building	Where is a flat likely to be grouped with other flats?
slaughter house	Where does a heifer end?
knowledge	I only like fiction books, why should I read a non-fiction book?
ranch	Where would you be most likely to see a cow?
offer price	What could a real estate agent do if his or her customer wants to get a house?
softness	What is someone looking for in a new mattress when returning one that had lots of rigidity?
remake	What is it called when a reproduction of an original movie is made?
bankruptcy	Too much shopping could lead to?
basement	An over-heated snake will hide where in a house?
music store	He wanted a saxophone, so he went where?
temperate climate	What is the easiest place for a human or another animal to live?
formed into cubes	There is a hard substance that must take on different forms, what are these forms?
fairy tale	Where might nymphs live in a pleasure garden?
london	Where is a subway station called something else?
pot	Where would I put a rosebush if I did not want to keep it outside?
doorway	The handyman finished installing the hinged door, unfortunately it was getting stuck closed within the what?
being healthy	What might someone jogging be trying to achieve long term?
car	What has an accelerator and is owned by most people?
hospital	After suffering a bad injury, where will a person get taken?
floor	Where did he put the newspaper for his new puppy's leaks?
leave work	In the morning you return to work, in the evening you?
men's room	When I gentleman needs to use the facilities while out for dinner he goes to the what?
urban areas	WHere are baseball stadiums typically located?
tired	If you haven't been sleeping well you are probably what?
safe deposit box	Where is the best place to store the title to you car or deed to your home?
together	When two people who love each other are alone, they will probably try to contact each other and get what?
desk drawer	Where could I find a paper clip?
clean house	what is the end result of hiring a maid?
briefcase	The book had deep meaning to the businessman, he always kept a copy of it beneath all his work in his what?
win	After the loss, we really need one of these?
motel	The truck driver wanted to read a bible while on a job, where should he find one?
air	What does a projectile pass through?
working	What is beginning work likely to lead to a day of?
restaurant	Where does a person what in reception while waiting for food?
suit	If someone is a gentleman in a professional setting what would he wear?
addiction	In using computers where one thoroughly enjoys himself what may ensue?
sever	Jennifer wanted to connect with other people.  But she was abrasive and clingy. Her attempts to get closer just did what to her connections?
jealousy	Jane saw her flirting with her boyfriend, what was her reaction?
rocky places	Where do lizards like to sun themselves?
delicious meal	What do people make with crab?
colloquial	The student wanted to impress with his essay and looked up a synonym for standard, he found a word that had a slant rhyme with "proverbial" and was quite proud, what did he find?
ocean	John traveled deeper and deeper.  As he went, the light faded away until it was pitch black. Where might he be?
deceitful	Sean was an honest person, but his married June, who wasn't honest at all. In fact, who was very what?
trap	What do you use to catch a mouse?
jewelry box	If it isn't found in a jewelry store or boutique when would one find a choker?
health	Washing hands after certain activities is highly recommended, keeping up this habit can keep you in good what?
purse	She had locked her key in her car again, but luckily she always kept a spare in her what?
garage	which door with lock regularly holds cars?
protein	The bulky man enjoyed to eat hamburger or anything else high in what?
factory	Where could you find a steel cable that has not been completed yet?
cattle ranch	Where were the cowboys herding the heifers across the property towards?
cherry tree	Where would a weasel go if it is hungry?
store	If you want to bake something, but do not have butter, where would you get it?
being happy	If a person is celebrating something, what is their likely emotion?
far	When someone moves to another state, they are what from you?
fridge	What handle did the man grab to when he wanted a snack?
winning or losing	If I did not tie an event when competing, which two results where also possible?
theatre	She couldn't wait to see the performance, she stood in the line for the box office where?
opera house	The lady had her specialized looking glasses and gown ready for the evening, she sent her butler to the ticket office of the what?
camp ground	If an outdoors man wants accommodations, where is he likely looking to go?
hearing	If song were to touch your heart it would do it through what?
falling asleep	James was sitting quietly because I was having trouble doing something.  What was he not doing easily?
peck	Birds sometimes do what to each other to establish dominance?
mortuary	Though morbid and cold with all the dead bodies, there was something very human about what place?
school building	Where is the principal's office?
charming	The real estate alienated people, what did she need to learn to be?
understood	Sometimes just expressing yourself is the best way to be what?
making new friends	What does the first person in a group of people to have a child often feel like doing?
judge	Jealousy led to the best contestant actually having scorecards lower, afterwards the what was investigated for their score given?
sloth	Emilio needed the exercise, but he didn't do it.  He suffered from what?
static	What could stop two people from communicating?
retribution	What might an honor killing attempt to achieve?
california	The child remarked that despite the name the famous bridge was red, this site was just one of the many highlights of the family vacation where?
classroom	Where do students use a pen?
department store	What kind of store has jewelry and clothing?
countryside	Where a small stream goes between farms?
celebrate	When an inventory gets to see idea become reality they will gather their friends together to what?
uncomfortable	If you tend to fiddle with your shoes they are likely what?
enema	What shoots water up someones butt?
profane	Wht causes something to not be holy/
ship goods	John works for a company that doesn't make anything.  It just buys, sales, and does what?
learning	Susan was playing games with her five year old son Tim.  She played them because they were designed to help him with something.  What might they help a child with?
high walls	The cubicles felt like their own little rooms, you could hardly even see over the what?
did not understand	What would cause someone to have to re illustrate point?
above board	What would someone be if he or she reports the use of a sharp object where the use of sharp objects is not allowed?
internet cafe	Two friends lived in different countries, how did they frequently communicate?
hang out at bar	What could you do inside but not outside if you have boredom?
lie	What will a unscrupulous real estate agent to make a listing seem more attractive?
north dakota	If you see a fox in Fargo, what state are you in?
desktop	Where might I place the lamp so it will help me see better while I do my homework?
broom	When doing housework, what would be most useful to clean the patio?
car crash	how might someone get injured when driving a car?
ocean	Where are fish from salt water happiest?
human body	The doctor noticed the nerve and suggested a scan of everything, what would be scanned?
soft place	What areas does a cat tend to seek out?
blow nose	Something that people do when they are sneezing a lot and have a runny nose?
space shuttle	Where are not many people allowed to go?
smiling	What is a facial sign of having fun?
need money	She was a human in America who wanted to live well, what was a given for her situation?
garden patch	Where does a potato enlarge?
michigan	John went into the front garden of his palatial mansion.  Where might his mansion be located?
floor	Simon asked his father to read him a story.  His father couldn't find Simon's book, so looked everywhere for it. Where might it be?
house	Where are leaving in order to go to a spa?
being quiet	John and Sarah refused to talk.  They were part of a contest, and they'd lose if they stopped what?
spectacles	What do you wear on the bridge of your nose?
pleasure	What can seeing artifacts cause if you have already seen them many times before?
spiritual	He had only experienced tangible and corporeal events in his life, but the hippy girl opened up his what side?
celebrate	He had won big, it was time to cash in and get some bubbly and do what?
live comfortably	A person who is well off has the simplest of luxuries that they can just do what?
exit	As the fire raged she frantically looked for a door, what did she want to do?
exhaustion	If I run a long time, I run the risk of what?
civilisation	What is a large group of human beings?
cupboard	They were baking together, the instructions called for sugar so they got it out of the what?
suburbia	There was a surplus of condos due to the overuse of space in the area, where were the condos located?
computer store	Where would you buy a disk with software on it?
city	Polly didn't know her way around, so she navigated by landmark.  She used statues, stores, and distinctive building.  Where might she be?
orchestra	If I am playing a xylophone with a large, professional ensemble, what am I a member of?
drawer	Where might a person store pamphlets?
picture book	Where could you see a sloth that is not real?
north america	Where might there be lots of different lawns?
office	Where do employees spend most of their time working?
new insights	If I am contemplating a different opinions, what am I hoping to gain?
feeling good	What is someone likely to feel after the act of procreating?
street	Where might you find dirt on a place you would see a gutter and rubber hit it regularly?
social ostracism	What happens to the person that is well known for frequent farting?
rainy	Sam thought that it was beautiful outside, even though it was what?
monochromatic	He was learning about the use of color and all their tints, and even how to use what technique?
sky	Where do airplanes usually go?
confession	When would there be someone sitting on a chair that you cannot see?
surface of earth	What is covered in plants?
sleeping in	What can someone do after going to bed?
stable	Where is a cow likely to be happy at night?
trenches	Where is a soldier likely to fight from?
increased heart rate	What is a health benefit of jumping rope?
painting	How would an artist create a fox?
purse	Where is lint unlikely to be?
loaf of bread	What is something that you eat that has a heel?
outside	When one sees an apple tree, where does one tend to be?
car dealership	The showroom had  variety of automobiles, where was this showroom located?
cafe	Bill saw a wild animal some place where he never expected to see one.  What might that place have been?
shelf	The plates needed to be stored in their proper place, which was where?
doctor's office	Where do nurses work with one doctor?
quintuplets	What do you get when procreating goes awry?
neighbor's house	The mail fell out of my box and scattered in the win, where did it land?
nap	The cat was wild but like all others he was always read for a cat what?
hospital	Where would you find a monitor wall that is used for watching moving lines?
turn brown	Jim's grass didn't get any sunlight because he parked his car over it.  The grass began to do what?
learn	What happens when a child reads something?
garbage dump	Residents though the city should manage garbage waste, so what did the city create to handle it?
mulberry bush	Where did the monkey chase the weasel?
blooms	A fertilizer is making a flower grow, what is likely to happen next?
water fountain	Where would you throw some pennies?
tended	The boy's mind was not right.  He couldn't care for himself, so he had to be what?
mother's hair	Where might a ferret get tangled?
phone booth	Where would you find a telephone directory in public?
gather flowers	A child is in a meadow in spring, what might the child do?
stroked	What would a cat want if it is not hungry but it is bored?
gain knowledge	When a person has a meal or sips hot drinks while reading, what will happen?
garden center	If you wanted to grow an apple tree, you'd probably start where?
ask questions	A detective tries to discover truth, some of the best results are from gathering witnesses and doing what?
golf course	Where might be a well manicured lawn?
misunderstanding	What would happen if you are expressing yourself and someone does not agree with you?
decisions	Dan's job was talking phone calls.  That was his only job.  He didn't get to do what?
talk with people	The therapist told him he had to communicate his problems, he said to just be willing to do what?
chair	Where is a good place to set an attache case other than a desk?
airports	Where might baggage be searched?
california	Where is known for it's red suspension bridge?
feline	WHat is another name for cat?
pool of blood	The stabbing to death of a person is likely to create what on the ground?
notoriety	What will telling many people about someone's escapades lead to?
war	Sam experienced a great deal of confusion because of what he suffered. What might he have suffered?
red green	What colors are in the RBG model?
have strength	In order to wrestle better you lift weights to?
fun	When kids jump up and down and run around laughing they are having what?
turning off	What would you do to a television after you finish using television?
perform better	What does someone do to win while competing?
feel tired	What does someone feel after running twenty six miles?
accidental	The insects were bigger this time.  They were exposed to a significant level of DDT. How were they exposed?
fall	If you're using your reaching advantage on a high cliff what should you be careful not to do?
school	The entrance hall was adorned with sports and academic trophy cases and a big banner where?
front yard	Many people have a mailbox where near the road?
mentally challenged	The man loved all sorts of puzzles, he would do crossword puzzle every morning to be what?
glass	What drinking vessel can overflow if filled with too much water?
lie	Greed will cause a real estate agent to do what in order to sell a house?
ship	You'd want marine grade steel cable aboard your what?
reproduce	What do people in love do after they get married?
office building	Where are adults likely to be paid to to sit at a desk?
meet new people	Why do people socialize when they first get a new job?
office	What room, that doesn't normally have a side chair, helps you work from home?
bathroom	People often have to take medicine, they tend to keep it where?
market	What type of location would you find fish for sale?
corn fields	The weasel had stolen the chicken eggs from the farm, it made it's escape through the tall what?
inhale	Smoking certain drugs will not have a desired effect without a proper what?
go to jail	The passing sentence was one of guilty, now the defendant was cuffed and had to what?
on time	What could using a driving car help someone to be?
space station	What structure had to use a launching platform many times to escape the Earth's gravity?
transportation	Why would someone be driving a car?
bad breath	What would happen immediately after drinking alcohol?
pride	After a winning baseball game, what experience would a team member feel?
table	A kid is studying new words at home in the kitchen, where could a dictionary be?
with cat	The person isn't a dog person, but you can find the person how?
compliments	What might make a person smile?
shortness of breath	If you exercise intensely what can happen to your respiration?
sky	Where is a bird likely to feel free?
stress	What might not returning to work cause?
light house	The person used a candle to navigate up the spiral staircase, where were they likely?
fights	The aggressive soldiers were getting drunk, what are they at they at risk of doing with the locals?
dinner	What meal do we often have corn on the cob with?
losing	What are the potential outcomes of playing ball?
own resources	Joe worked for the company for years.  He had connections and what?
accomplishment	What is the goal of working hard to achieve something?
rock band	John played a stringed instrument.  Billy was the singer.  James was the drummer.  Vince played the keyboard and piano.  What might they have been?
cleverest	Who will be voted as the most likely to be successful?
high school band	As he flipped through a yearbook he had fond memories of playing cornet in his what?
cook food	When people have guests over, what do they often do for their guests?
nose	What does a person use to smell things?
world	Where are you likely to find a comforter in many beds?
state fair	What public celebration sometimes has a horse show?
outside	Marmot's don't uisually live in buildings.They're most likely to be found where?
office	Where does someone with a signature rubber stamp work?
injury	The all star was still playing ball in the championship, he wasn't one hundred percent because of a what?
rope	Other than women's leggings what is commonly made of nylon?
go to market	Where do people go to shop for fruit?
sunny place	John looked for shade but couldn't find any. Where might be be?
street	Sam doesn't like moving his garbage can, so he just leaves it where it can be picked up.  Other people are annoyed by this because  it blocks part of what?
demands were met	If union workers go off strike it means management did what?
earning money	He needed to provide, so he was always working, what did he want to accomplish?
like heat	Cats are laying by the refrigerator why do they do that?
closed container	Where will glue stay usable?
irritation	After answering questions from the press for hours, what did the police chief feel?
opening	Mal would cover the whole at night, but he always left a what for his cats?
petting zoo	Where would a marmot feel most confined?
last 100 years	Sam reflected on his long life, which started in 1918.  How long has Sam lived?
city	What place could have thousands or millions of back garden?
fishing gear	What could you use a net as?
meet friend	What can prevent a person from being lonely when they are out for coffee?
friendly	John wanted to meet interesting people, but he always drove them away.  He felt that he needed to be more what?
encyclopedia	The child asked what a mammoth was, so his grandpa got a volume of the what out to show the child?
great oceans	Sharks can be dangerous to encounter, they can be found in each of the whats?
car show	John spent hours polishing his tires, because he wanted to take his vehicle where?
play cards	If you have free time and the electricity is out what can you do to entertain yourselves?
atlantic ocean	Where are there millions of blowfish?
windowsill	If there is a bird at my window, what is it likely sitting on?
song	What could you make with your voice?
important	What type of people get books written about them?
stanza	He could never remember the last line of the what he was set to perform?
fail	What would a christian student do if they are not good at learning?
change yourself	What must someone do first before changing society?
symphony	The gifted man had a passion for singing alto, but he also played an instrument in the what?
fishing rod	What  is necessary to have when going fishing?
write programs	If people major in computer science, what is a logical career path for them?
doctor	Everybody learns about germs in school, but if you want an expert talk to a what?
pet shops	Where can a person buy a snake?
bring home	If a person bought food from a grocery store, what will they do next?
jar	I need to store my honey, where should it go?
pay attention	The teacher told her students to listen, what did she want from them?
heart	What does every person have that makes them feel?
confusing	Simon's instructions were not clear.  Claire found them to be what?
motorbike	What gas vehicle uses a chain to move the back wheel?
have money	What is needed in order to be able to buy presents for others?
artificial	She was taken aback by his real personality, what were other past boyfriends like to her?
communicate	What is important for a couple to do?
swim	The hot weather was unbearable and I needed relief, what did I go to do?
clay pot	In what sort of container should you keep your ficus?
injuries	Bobby was just having fun when he jumped off of the slide, but that didn't help.  When he landed, he had what?
wrinkled skin	I was having a bath for 4 hours, what might I suffer from physiologically?
injury	While performing she fell off the stage causing what?
soccer game	Where would you expect to see a coach in Europe or South America?
church	If you are setting up folding chairs before a sermon where are you?
hideous	He was told everybody is beautiful in their own way, however what he saw in the mirror he found what?
yellow pages	What would you use to find a company?
british columbia	Beavers are native to the northwest of north american such as what canadian region?
theater	Sam had tickets to the concert hall, but really didn't like to go because it was too loud.  He traded them for tickets to what?
exceptional	Susan was an ordinatry person, but her skills were not ordinary, they were what?
northern climates	Where is a marmot likely to live?
scare	The boy loved to surprise his mother by jumping out from hiding and giving her a good what?
gymnasium	Where would you find bleachers inside?
playground	James and Sarah went to the soccer field to spend their time, because it was muddy where they usually go.  Where might they usually go?
home	If you want the comfort of the familiar, where might you go?
mountains	What cold tall area are you likely to find  a marmoset in?
australia	He knew of prairie dogs back home but wasn't sure if what he saw was a marmot, but the outback tour guide explained it was during his tour of where?
subway	They were under several feet of dirt.  James always found it claustrophobic.  He hated using it.  What did he hate using?
show	Where might someone have a drink and watch comedy?
known already	They were throwing a surprise party but failed, turned out to the guest of honor it was what?
misfire	What could happen to guns if they are wet?
settle down	If you're going to buy a house for your family you're about to do what?
available	A product that has been out of stock but is now restocked is what?
pride	What should a person feel when doing responsible action with their pet, such as walking a dog?
fulfillment	Jane thought that the show was entertaining. Watching it brought her  what emotion?
motion	What sets escalators apart from stairs?
hell	What is a computer user likely to think a computer crash  is?
bridge	Sam was an alcoholic.  He was in a car crash two years ago and was injured.  Where might he have crashed?
surface of earth	Unlike Mars and all its dust, what is full of all sorts of features from soil and rock to water and grass?
have to start over	The racer got a false start for leaving line early, the official's countdown will now what?
louisiana	What delta state is known for bbq?
courtyard	Where are rosebushes typically found outside of large buildings?
ask spouse to wake	What is the first thing a spouse might do when they get up early?
france	What country is a marmoset from?
historical	In the modern days we give what kind of classification to buildings to protect them from being town down?
vineyard	What fruit growing area is not likely to contain an apple tree?
composted	The man and the woman chipped the wood for their garden and then did what to it?
tropical rainforest	A sloth is often found napping in the branches of what damp region?
beer	What can I find that is about 4.5% alcohol?
public building	The heater broke down before the city's Christmas party, so they could no longer host the party in the what?
countryside	If I want to build a soccer field, but can't find space in a crowded city, where should I look?
bar	Where can I get a drink?
metropolis	Jimmy Olson wanted to visit the daily planet.  His subway stop was in what city?
harvesting	What the final step for a farmer after making things grow?
good digestion	After chewing food and swallowing it during meals, what needs to happen for you to be able to successfully use the bathroom later?
response	Billy called out to John, and listened for what?
disregard	Ben didn't have much respect for Sue. He would always do what about her wishes?
sound well	When he couldn't hear the sickness in her voice over the phone anymore he told the object of his love you what?
glass cage	Where should you keep a pet lizard?
straight	Billy was a kooky person, but he wasn't gay.  What was he?
compete with each other	If people have trouble finding enough resources to fulfill their calorie requirements, what might they have to do?
get tired	When people are playing sports for to long what happens?
rain forest	A monkey is native to what place that usually has no people?
fatigue	John didn't like getting in line.  He  had been working for a long time and was suffering from what?
answer question	Why did the student raise her hand?
desktop	Where do you keep computer speakers?
seldom	Sally  often went jogging in the morning, but she rode her bike less than one per year.  You could say she did so how often?
slow down	If you're about to reach a stop sign in your car what must you do?
cemetary	The judge had ruled the murder case could be reopened, excavation soon began where?
tropical areas	where do some monkeys tend to live taht is hot?
meeting	Other than school or from text where can one gain knowledge?
fight enemy	The soldiers raised their rifles toward the invading soldiers with hate, what are they looking to do?
gather together	What do people in a family typically do on the holidays?
desk	What should you put on the floor?
talk to people	Those that have a difficult time when they communicate with others struggle to do what?
compromises	Reaching tentative agreement is the first result when two side make what to come closer together?
hall	The cabin wasn't as small as it seemed.  It was, in fact, multiple bunkrooms connected by a what?
library	Where are things sometimes organized by a card catalog?
defeat	Other than wining what outcome is possible when people are competing?
city	The plane taxied onto the runway with lots of civilians inside, where was it bound?
reflecting pool	Water is used as a mirror when designing a what?
internet cafe	Amy sat down and turned on her monitor.  She only had an hour of time to do her work.  Where might she be?
rebirth	What is happens when someone comes back from death?
play music	Why would a band be performing in front of a large number of people?
become infected	What do you want to prevent after you get an injury?
new look	Van Gogh fretted over his painting because it appeared different, what was he scared of?
teachers	Who is it important to pay attention to when attending school?
sea of japan	The fugu blowfish is found in what environment?
qualification	He was injured and on disability, what did he need to have to receive government benefits?
aircraft	The nose dipped and alarms went off inside the what?
nebraska	The steak house was superb, everybody enjoyed their steaks and particularly the side of corn that made which state famous?
great oceans	The shark was sick of the confines of its tank, what was it looking for?
see at night	The car preferred hunting in the dark, what ability did it have that its prey did not?
storage cabinet	The bachelor was too lazy to take the groceries out of the shopping bag, he just put the full bags right in his pantry what?
arm themselves	If people are scared, why would they get a gun?
being entertained	When someone is watching a film, what are they hoping for?
trauma	Remembering a terrible event is likely to cause what?
sporting event	The hot dogs were selling fast at intermission, where were they being sold?
symphony	Where might someone go to watch a flute?
not awake	Billy is going to sleep.  What will he be for the next few hours?
new jersey	If an apple tree were in the North, where would it be?
anger	When old conservative people observe a changing society, what do the experience?
leave	What happens when we fail at something we attempt?
loss of control	Sometimes when you go into a deep trance, what happens when you no longer feel attached to your body?
prehistory	what period did mammoth's live in?
pizza	What might someone not wanting a hamburger want?
frustration	Learning about science can cause what emotion?
major city	Where is a traffic artery likely to be clogged?
automobile	It was going to be a long winter during his commute, the heater had gone out in his what?
throw up	What would a sick person do if he or she is not treated?
misshapen	John thought that Mary was beautiful despite her injury.  But Mary believed that she was what?
impatience	What is typically the attitude of a child waiting for something?
feel full	What does someone experience after eating lunch?
business	The committee had more responsibility, they were a fast growing what?
go to school	If you have a need for finding information through instruction what should you do?
first aid kit	The double edged razor was used to cut tape.  It was found in what box?
deceive	What did the honest real estate agent refuse to do to a client?
empathy	What is listening a big part of?
small apartment	They're living conditions put restrictions on their pet ownership, they only had a small dog because they lived where?
ski	He always traveled up the mountain when winter arrived, he had a passion and desire to do what?
coming home	When their engagement has ended what do soldiers get to do?
rapport	What would people feel if they are agreeing with each other?
find truth	What should someone suffering from ignorance seek?
la ville	The advertisement appeared outside of a central Wisconsin town, where was it located?
potato	It may have many an eye but it doesn't see you peel it's skin off, what is it?
jewelry store	Where would you buy wearable gold?
work	What is the responsibility of many an adult?
magazine article	What could have a title on it which takes up a large percentage of the space?
shelf	Where would you store a board game?
study	What do you do to learn new things for a test?
standing still	Mary was in motion the whole time.  From per perspective, it looked like everyone else was what?
rural area	The fox was caught by animal control, where was it released?
lot of	How much water would there be if there was not a little amount of water?
gas station	Where do you get petrol?
south carolina	If one sees a fox and is standing in a coastal, eastern seaboard state, where is this person?
working out	What do people call it when they are going for run?
picture	Where can you see a mountain in your own home?
running	What is a sport that involves hurdles?
ineffectual	What is a clever way to say someone isn't very good at what they do?
deep breathing	Joe learned some relaxing exercises from his therapist.  They all centered around what sort of action?
receive gifts	When people have a birthday what normally happens?
surprised	What happens to a person when they're confronted with something unexpected?
toxic	What does too much lead do to a person?
expected	James was in shock.  What he just learned was not what?
speak spanish	When I go to Spain, what should I try to practice first?
converse	A person met me in the lobby of the office.  We didn't have much in common, but we did something before going up to the meeting.  What did we do?
street corner	A person walked into a church that was located near a store.  Where might the church be?
battle	If a human wants to harm another person, what should he join?
relaxation	What would happen if you are sleeping well?
student	The teen was required to go to school, which made him a what?
accomplishment	Why do people compete in sports?
injury	What could happen to you if you are cleaning on the 10th floor of an unfinished building?
shoe	Where would you put your foot if it is already covered in cloth?
getting tired	He truly was a marathon runner, even after running twenty six miles he wasn't even beginning to what?
drugstore	She needed a diaphragm, she went to buy one where?
promotions	One reason to keep going to work is what?
wedding	Bar service is a very important part of what kind of celebration?
inelegant	Sarah had a sharp mind, but she wasn't social. She was very what?
fridge	Where can food stay cold?
ground	Where might you find a penny beside your shoe?
warm room	Why would someone light a fire?
classroom	Simon put crayon pictures on the wall of what?
virtuous	What is someone who is bad unlikely to be called?
wear jeans	Johnny saw a person with torn pants it work.  He thought the person was silly, and he should have done what?
wall	Where would you find a window in a house?
competitiveness	What is the reason that playing games sometimes take on a more serious tone?
get fat	The woman was watching TV instead of going to the gym, what was she at risk of doing?
purchasing	What is the primary reason for visiting a shop?
desk	Where would a wooden chair be a good fit for?
good will	Businesses giving assistance to those in need build what?
making new friends	What can be the result of meeting people with similar attitudes?
watch television	What is something children do at home that is very addictive?
musical instrument store	Where would you buy a brand new mandolin with a storage box?
manipulate	Bailey was a real estate agent and good at his job.  He could easily do what to people?
green	He was jealous of the winner, his eyes were what with envy?
domestic	What kind of flight cannot be taken to s foreign country?
community	A school is necessary for every one of these. What are they?
nebraska	Cows outnumber people 4 to 1 in what state north of Kansas?
hardship	The organization was giving assistance to families, what were the families dealing with?
being heard	If you're talking to something then you probable hope that you're also doing what?
no spouse	What always happens to someone after he or she finishes getting divorce?
lazy	Exercise seems foreign to those who are just plain what?
army	What requires a very strong leader?
smoke cigarettes	What bad habit do adults have that can cause lung cancer?
of service to	He volunteered to help them after the disaster, he was able bodied and hoped to be what?
get fired	What would happen if a salesman didn't do his job right?
caribbean	The meteorologist said that there was a storm coming.  This forced John to delay his trip to what location?
pleasure	Why might someone continue smoking?
socialize	What do you do to meet interesting people?
online	Sam searched for important information about obscure subjects. Where might he look for it?
cloudy	Today was beautiful, clear blue skies are nice but there's nothing to look at up there if it isn't a little what?
salad dressing	Billy loved choose, but he didn't put it on his meal because he was watching his weight. He even used a low fat what?
egypt	What is a place with tens of millions of people living in it where you could find an excavation?
trashcan	Where do you throw garbage?
signed	A valid contract has to be?
train station	Where would a clock help you to know when something will get there?
aggression	Some people really love competing, it is usually a safe way to get out a little what?
companionable	How are people not likely to find those always holding  a remote?
shyness	How is someone in a new relationship likely to feel about kissing?
national park	Billy wanted to see a Forrest. Where might he go?
friend's house	James stove didn't work, so he had to cook where?
feel cold	What does ice on skin cause?
live lives	Animals are unselfconscious and just do what?
exhaustion	This can set in after going to work with to little sleep?
vomiting	What happens when you are drinking alcohol too much?
natural habitat	The bald eagle has been a protected species, this is in part due to a dwindling what?
big cities	There was a fast food restaurant every 200 feet to help handle the foot traffic, what is this characteristic of in general?
windowless room	There is no skylight or anything else to let in light in what kind of structure?
atlantic ocean	Where might a jellyfish get cold?
sunshine	What causes an apple tree to grow?
atlantic ocean	The anemone was being harvested for sale in New York, where was it likely taken from?
hell	The computer user did not know what he was doing at all, this made the instructional course pure what for him?
wet clothes	What would you have if you poured water on yourself?
grieve	When the baby birds fell out of the nest, the mom bird did what?
high school	The football field was all ready for Friday night at the local what?
newspaper	The man immediately recognized his picture opposite the crossword section, what was he reading?
movie	What could a ticket be used to watch?
kitchen	In what room would you expect to find the sugar?
office supply store	From where can you take home a highlight?
inspiration	It seemed the artist now spent more time dreaming than creating, it was as if was waiting for a random strike of what?
saving money	In order to fight inflation you should be doing this?
rush away	The car hit a post, but the driver didn't stop.  He did what?
act	They wanted to put on a show about being human beings, which ironically worked because none of them could do what well?
feelings of guilt	What does killing people induce in a normal person?
fluidity	When frozen it showed solidity, but as it thawed and melted it showed what?
dictionary	Where would you look up what an anemone is?
crime scene	There was shattered glass, blood and a gun, so the detective told another cop to tape off the perimeter of the what?
harsh	The hand was gentle, I washed around the dirt soly and softly.  But the chemicals were a different story.  They were very what?
table	I'm tired of holding this lamp, where might I place it?
thin ice	How could excessive heat do to cause you to fall down?
sweating	I get hot when I run, so what am is my body likely to do?
container	The baker got a new delivery of sugar, he opened the bag and poured it in the storage what?
bad mood	A ferret would probably growl if it is in what kind of state?
hockey game	The referee called a foul when one player punched another.  The player went to the penalty box. What game are they playing?
individual	The invasive A.I. was designed to scan the crowd, where most saw a mass of humanity the evil machine could pick out each what?
colorado	Where is mountain marmot likely ot live?
frustration	what does losing when competing against someone likely to cause?
italy	Giovanni has a wine cellar like many of his compatriots, where is he likely living?
costly	If something is offered as free pay attention to the small print or it could end up being what?
michigan	The churchyard looked peaceful after the fresh snow, the frozen great lake added to the serene scene where?
theatre	Where do you go to see live entertainment?
easy	What would a test be if it is not hard?
glove	Where can a finger be warm?
downtown	Where is a larger shopping mall likely to be?
backpack	Where is a student likely to keep their notebook?
fresh egg	What is likely to have a thick membrane?
gymnasium	The ball was in Lucy's court, which was good, since she played handball here all the time.  Where might she be/
falling down	Getting drunk and using stairs can be dangerous, one might find themselves what?
drop	If you're fiddling with a slippery object, what are you likely to do?
rug	Where would you see footprints that happen due to dirt being left behind inside?
standing in line	What do you do when shopping in a packed store?
school	Where would you find a desk drawer which has people nearby whose age could be orders of magnitude different from each other?
desk	The interior designer didn't like the office just yet, so she tried putting a colorful rug under the computer what?
plan ahead	To avoid problems when going somewhere, whats a crucial step you should take?
lightly	John ran very fast, his feet touched the ground in what way?
overeating	What can happen when eating breakfast but not choosing the amount of food correctly?
street	John saw a billboard every day on his way to work.  The billboard was visible from where?
meeting	John took his place at the table, along with the others.  What might they have been doing?
save money	If you're needing to gain more land and have few resources what do you have to do?
aid	The support team landed in the disaster zone, they hoped to provide what?
array	When one is looking at a series of attributes, how are they typically displayed?
getting higher	What are you doing when you're climbing a mountain?
confession	Press people were waiting for the embarrassed politician to give his resignation speech, what were they expecting to hear?
amount to nothing	What is another way to say someone is a failure?
spring into action	If someone brings candy to a group of children what will happen?
fridge	Where do you keep your beer at home?
burns	What happens when applying a heat source to combustible materials?
common	Some cultures find it odd that other cultures have this kind of bathroom in an apartment?
chemist	Who might use a double edged razor to cut things precisely?
landowner	A villain in the middle ages is a type of what?
submarine	They had checked out the shipwreck with robotic ones, but now it was time to send a human down in a what?
birth	After hours of trouble the woman finally gave what to a child?
killing	The man was hungry and going fishing, what was he planning to do with the fish?
speak out	I communicate in public streets, what is my goal?
amusement park	If I have to pass through a ticket booth to ride a roller coaster, where am I likely?
refrigerator	James got a teabag and boiled some tea, he then poured it into a container, put it away, and went back to his computer.  Where did he put the tea?
decomposition	Losing weight may mean fat is going through what?
museum	The famous cornet was displayed so everybody could see it with other famous items where?
shelf	Where would you put groceries after you have bought them and reached your house?
universe	Space, planets, moons and everything we can observe is part of what?
upright	James wasn't a bad person, but he was bitter do to being trapped in a wheelchair.  James which he could be more what?
carnival	If people are looking for fun in the summertime, where's one good place for them to go?
boardroom	Where would a company's committee meet for a meeting?
being full	Why would someone stop having food?
valve	Billy turned off the water by using the diaphragm.  A diaphragm is a type is what?
feild	Where is a snake likely to startle a farmer?
human	What mammal has a diaphragm?
turn blue	A person is choking, what happens to their face?
believe in god	A person may need more meaning to life which would result in what religious following?
very fragile	The glass window was transparent and thin.   James leaned on ed on it and it cracked.  It was what?
offices	Air conditioning makes summers more comfortable in what work spaces?
strong feelings	What does passionate kissing cause?
entertainment	Why would you be using television?
friend's house	Suzie waited in a room covered with posters of celeberties and robots.  She liked this place, but she wished it was better decorated.  Where might she be?
notebook	James put a divider between arithmetic and English.  This meant that he could continue using what?
person's head	Where would you expect to see a human eye?
ocean	Amelia tried to aim for the small isle, but the water of the what was coming on fast?
satisfaction	Dave worked hard because he wanted to know what his wife was thinking and feeling.  He put effort into listening to her  and this lead to him understanding her better.  Both of them found something in this. What did they obtain?
hurtful	What were people's thoughts on the bad words being said in church?
front yard	What lawn is most likely to be on a street?
give gifts	What do many people do to a person on their birthday?
poisonous gas	Both sides in World War I used what to cause death that is now banned?
arctic tundra	Where would you expect to see a white fox?
countryside	Outside of the city where could you find a sloth in a small zoo?
new computer	What would a person working in an office need after a system crash?
part ways	Life goes different ways for different folks, sometimes good friends have to what?
have food	I am hungry, what would be a way to alleviate this?
added up	What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a result that is at most twice as large?
distracting	What effect did the TV have on the kids?
exhaustion	Billy was doing his homework at the last minute but he could barely think straight.   What might he have been suffering from?
tall building	He looked down from the observation deck on the 75th storey, it was quite the view from the top of the what?
sandy beach	Where should watch to avoid being pinched by a crab?
painting	James spent his days at his cottage trying to capture the beauty of the landscape, but he wasn't good at it. He was never good at it.  What isn't he good at?
wet clothes	After washing clothes in what condition are they?
movies	You eat popcorn when you go to see what?
break	What could happen to guns if they are hit on the ground?
ground	Where is pavement usually found?
pacific ocean	An island off the coast of of California is located where?
full stomach	After hours of eating, what did he satisfyingly have?
experience joy	What do people feel when something good happens?
relaxation	What should one do in order to relieve burnout from staying too long at home?
notebook	What is a bound stack of papers called?
give up	If you are getting in shape you cannot do this when trying to achieve your goals?
bus	The teacher walked up and down the rows of seats checking the belts, then gave the okay for the what to leave?
carry freight	What do airplanes do?
hospital	Where can you find people trying to alleviate suffering?
mouth	The only thing, that every human has, that is absolutely necessary to play a harmonica is what?
fun	What is goal of playing games on computers?
will resent	How is someone likely to feel about someone hurting someone else they love?
chicago	Where is the cub's baseball stadium?
make lists	When people have a lot of things to do, what activity can help them organize?
pizza place	Round bread covered with cheese and pepperoni comes out of an oven at what sort of eatery?
disneyland	Where would there be many people with umbrellas if there is rain?
depression	If you're still in love and end up stopping being married to your partner, what emotion are you likely to experience?
wonderful memories	A person and his friends had a wonderful weekend trip, what did they create together that will last a lifetime?
competition	What kind of playing game could result in you winning?
carry freight	Tim flies airplanes, but not passenger planes.  He doesn't have to worry about passengers. All he has to do is what?
have to wait for	Why would people be getting in line?
obtaining information	If you listen to someone talk without talking yourself, you might do what?
wait for	As he left he questioned her love, he said if her was true she would what him?
box	Where would you put a wedding ring before proposing?
kitchen	Where can you keep a candle in case of emergency?
countryside	Mice live many places, but what is their native habitat?
get better	What happens to a sick person when he or she is not sick any more?
relief	What is likely the result of praying leading to the desired outcome?
festival	What is someone likely to call a bazaar in the US?
work	He drank coffee every morning on his commute, he said it gave him energy for what?
country club	Other than a municipal park, where would you find a tennis court?
intoxication	What might happen after buying too much beer?
pain	The man was in a rut of selfish thoughts and decided to commit suicide, he didn't think of the what it would cause others?
breathe	The elephant swam the river with its trunk above the water, what could it do?
theatre	When lights bulbs fade into darkness, where are we likely?
jail time	Hurting else is a crime, if convicted you could face what?
trunk	Where do you store your groceries when you drive home?
farmer's market	Where can someone buy a fresh potato?
sit down	The students were all told to sit quietly, the trouble child stayed quiet but would not what?
anxiety	What does waiting for something for a response from an interview cause?
montana	The ranch house was built outside of Butte, where was it located?
camera	What device with a lens would you use to take photos?
toy store	Joe got his kid a plush bald Eagle.  Where did he probably get it from?
new age	A birthday celebrates when a person reaches a what?
getting somewhere	The act of traveling is simple, you're just what?
trees	Where are leaves best left?
godless	Someone who doesn't believe in the divine could be called what?
lightweight	When you hair grows too long and heavy you can cut it to make it more what?
dream dreams	What do humans often do while they're asleep?
serving dish	What would you put a spoon next to before adding food to it?
go to heaven	What do many people believe happens after you die?
experience fear	How do children know they're in a dangerous situation?
judgement	The jury deliberated for hours, the choice of passing sentence required them to make a what?
minnesota	Where is a dentist likely to be busy because of hockey?
supermarket	If you do not have any corn, where would you get it?
old	The young lady favored his wealth, she did not care how what he was?
wild	The lizard was at the zoo, the protester stole it and returned it to the what?
study philosophy	What should student do if they want to learn different ways of seeing the world?
peacefulness	What is someone likely to feel while going into a trance?
desert	Sarah tried to manage the evacuation, but it was difficult.  She needed special supplies because all around them was what?
receive mail	The person answered the door when the mailman knocked, what likely happened next?
nice home	Where is a person doing housework likely to work?
more intelligence	Jan wasn't very good at studying.  What might help him study better?
read book	Charlie had a desire to learn, but didn't live near a school, so what did he do?
riots	Celebrating sports teams sometimes start what when they get out of hand?
getting hot	What could happen to your shoes if you are going for run?
wet clothes	What could happen if you are going fishing in a river and fall down?
department store	Bob raised the curtain and people descended upon him like a hoard.  He regretted his job on this of all days. Where does Bob work?
happy	If a person is unhappy, what would be the opposite of that?
die	A requirement committing murder is that someone must what?
were sad	Sam would cry when he watched Old Yeller.  The movie was what?
aircraft	Where can a human take flight?
make eye contact	He was very formal when talking to others, he always maintained an effort to what?
require water	Dogs are active pets, especially on hot days it's important to keep their bowl full because they what?
house	A frigid family wanted to buy a heater, so where did they have it installed?
office	Where would you keep a business telephone directory?
locker room	James's duffel bag was too heavy to carry with him, so he left it where?
molehill	He chuckled to himself while hiking because of a saying, he had spotted a what on the mountain?
going to jail	Joe did something very bad and he was worried that The People would try punishing him.  What type of punishment might be be worried about?
watch tv	A sedentary lifestyle of always sitting down is nearly as unhealthy as a bad diet, but still people sit on the couch all day and what?
entertaining	What do we call television that we enjoy watching a lot?
atheism	When people start learning about science and presented with hard science facts, many of them turn to what, despite what they may have learned growing up?
canter	What is it called when horses move quickly in one direction?
dirt	What does an apple tree need to grow?
resort hotel	The tourists swam in a swimming pool, isolated from the rest of the country, where were they?
medicine bottle	You need to press down and twist the top of this to get your pill out. What is it?
feel better about yourself	Sam felt that you needed to improve yourself.  She said that you should take the time to collect your thoughts and clear your mind.  Why does she want you to improve yourself?
everywhere	Where do people say god is at all times?
market	Where would you find many products for sale?
at hotel	Where is music likely to be playing in a elevator?
entertained	If you're reading a good book what has the author done to you?
clam	A single grain of sand can cause what to make a precious stone?
branch out	What happens on a tree when its first growing?
math class	Where do students usually measure a triangle?
carton	What keeps a cigarette fresh?
sporting goods store	Where is a good place to buy a fishing rod?
two feet	Most humans by shoes in pairs, this is because they happen to have what?
chewing	How does someone begin eating?
supermarket	Where can one find a variety of bread?
overconfidence	What can happen  to someone too sure of their learning?
power	They were finding information on their political enemies, what did they hope to gain?
water plants	What does a farmer have to do when there is no precipitation?
maritime museum	If shark is stuffed and preserved,where might it be displayed?
heavy breathing	What does someone do while going jogging?
parcel	The address label was attached to the 3 pound what?
river delta	You will find many swamps in the in the southern U.S. along what geographic feature?
nursery school	The teacher took the children out of the playroom to change diapers, where did the teacher work?
watch television	A man wanted to catch his favorite show, what is he most likely to do?
arm	The humorous is a bone located where?
city	The bus stop was downtown, who likely is responsible for operating it?
health centre	Where would you likely find a spa alongside similar services?
race cars	Thrill seeking people who love competition might be found in one of these?
being clear	When the man was preparing for having a bath, what did he look for in the water?
supermarket	Sam spent most of his time standing up.  His job was hectic and he never got any rest. But he was the best cashier at his workplace.    Where might he work?
club	The gentleman from France wanted to join what?
disappointment	She knew what presents she was getting, none of them were what she wanted and so she felt what?
department store	where do you have dressing rooms for all types of things?
fear death	What do people fear when they speak of crossing over?
loss of control	Why might someone be going into a trance?
eating	What does someone need when they're feeling hunger?
tool shed	Sally went out to look for a stepladder.  Where might she have gone?
sporting goods store	Where would you get some knives if you do not have any?
falling asleep	She had to finish reading book for school, but it was late and she kept what?
mexico	Colorado is two states away from the border with what nation?
feel anger	After the killing of another young member of the community people began to really what?
suffer hunger	What happens when people have no nourishment?
gap	She wore tight jeans, she wanted everybody to see her thigh what?
hiccups	After eating very quickly and jumping up and down, what is likely to occur?
trouble	Sahmbi was  lying about the fugitive's location.  He was lying because he wanted to avoid legal what?
learn new	What can he do to eliminate his ignorance?
art show	Where would works be on the wall?
listening to music	What could you be doing if you are relaxing and are awake but have your eyes closed?
brook	What is a body of water similar to a stream is called?
stripes	Some cars have racing lines on them called?
enjoyment	Why do people primarily partake in surfing?
sweat	If you're releasing energy through running, what will you likely find on your skin?
high school	If I am in an auditorium watching an amateur play, where am I likely?
united states of america	What does an interstate highway go accross?
china	The lizard lived at the base of the ancient longest wall, what country did it likely live in?
forbid	The government decided it was time to allow companies to do the practice they once what?
dashboard	What in a car could have an led?
settle disputes	What is that lawyers are always doing while they were growing up?
restaurant	Where is a dinner sometimes sold as a plate?
bowling alley	Where do you use a ball to knock things down?
smoke	What could a driver do that could distract him or her while he or she is in a driving car?
show	When musicians give exceptional performances you've seen a great what?
milwaukee	Where is your condo if you're drinking Schlitz?
beach	Where do tourists frequent most in mexico?
utah	The Mormon owned steak house was always busy, it was a great place to visit where?
house	Where can one find multiple closets?
glass	What do you conduct drinking out of?
efficiency	Joe and John and sylvia were all running errands. They split up their tasks into blocks that were near each other and then each person took one block of tasks.  They did this because it gave them more what?
communication	What is chatting with friends a type of?
unhappiness	Lying to a spouse is likely to make them?
mix	I want to make new friends when I socialize at the party, what should I do?
jazz band	Artie Shaw became famous playing a clarinet in what outfit?
apartment	A kitchenette is common in what dwellings that are stacked on top of each other?
office building	All the business owners had a monthly committee meeting, it was to introduce new tenants and discuss issues of the what?
suburb	In the city the family didn't have a back yard, but now they did since they lived in a what?
college campus	Where are student likely to utilize a parking structure?
dry clothes	You can hang laundry in the sun to do what?
table	Dinner was finished and the dishes cleared, the bust boy then wiped all the crumbs off the what?
desk	Where would you put a marker if you plan to use it soon at the same location?
armored car	How is a soldier likely to travel?
die suddenly	If people are shot in the head by a bullet, what is the likely result?
home	People keep their teddy bear in their beds in their room, which is found in a?
furniture store	Where would you go to take a chair home?
junkyard	Where can you buy previously owned metal items?
wedding	where are people likely to be joyous?
foreigner	Sean was a native English speaker, a fact that he found helpful.  Ludwig didn't speak the language well because he was what?
work	Where might you feel cramped in a cubicle?
hyperventilation	What type of breathing can be dangerous?
suburbs	You don't usually find a mall in what areas outside big groups of people?
fairgrounds	If a person is craving lemonade and there's a festival in town, where might they go to quench their thirst?
society	What does a person want to fit in with?
town	If you're in an eatery and not in the country, where are you?
sore feet	A lot of people go to museums to experience this, what is it?
become angry	When people have conflicts with one another, what might happen?
learning	Living life is about good and bad experiences and doing what from them?
world	What is a place where every creature lives?
library	What is a place with only one telephone book that many people can use?
cedar chest	Where is someone likely to store their comforter?
home	Sarah's forgot her purse. She couldn't be the clothes she wanted.    She would have to drive all the way back where?
compassion	Billy wants to understand people better.  He's a very big-hearrted person,  He has a lot of what?
evaluate progress	WHat does a teacher do for a student over the semester?
surface of earth	Where is all compost found?
precious	What do you call a metal that is not cheap?
dress herself	What can an adult do that a young child cannot in the morning?
competition	What drives the people to play well in fencing?
bankruptcy	Why might a house be going to market?
band together	What would people do if they are agreeing with each other?
movie	If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat popcorn, where would you go?
blues band	A person that is really skilled with harmonica might find a gig with what sort of group?
house	Where could you find a library that only friends can visit?
admiration	He got tickets to go to performance of his idol, he had a lot of what for him?
shiver	If you don't use a towel after getting wet, you body may do what?
marching band	Which larger group contains snare drum players and is usually done at a sports game?
create images using words	A poet has to do what when telling stories about exotic locations?
phone booth	Where would a human make a public call be made?
residence	Where did the old ladies indoor only pet cat stay?
stop working	When do you bring a clock to a clockmaker?
state park	The local environmentalist and philanthropist passed away, he was memorialized on a bench located where?
space shuttle	Where are you likely to see stars out the window?
talk to themselves	Why might others think a person is crazy?
mountain	When he saw begrudgingly the plain landscape of his new home, what type of geography did he miss?
teetotaller	If someone is a drunkard, what kind of person is he or she not?
bathroom	Where might someone keep  moistener?
soccer game	Where do fans watch people kick a ball?
being dirty	Brenda spent a lot of effort on washing herself.  She hated what?
shady spot	The lizard tried to stay cool by resting in what sort of location?
sitting down	After being on his feet all day he told his boss he was taking a break and doing what on the bench?
play ball	What did the children do out in the field?
climb	What would you be unable to do on a mountain if there is not good weather?
passenger	The people who fly in an airplane are commonly called what?
city	The roadway had fallen into disrepair, the citizens took their complaints to the where?
carpal tunnel syndrome	What could using computer not cause if you are paralyzed?
prostitute	She said you had to pay extra for her to swallow semen, something you'd only hear from a what?
have fun	What would you do after hard work if it is not dark outside yet?
brother's room	Where should you look for your yoyo if it was stolen by a bratty young person?
get rich	Opening business was a passionate dream of his, but he'd be lying if he didn't want to what too?
talk	He hated having meeting while having food, he didn't want to hear somebody eat and what?
learn together	The teach was very enthusiastic, she got all the children involved and they would all what?
hold water	What does a round glass do?
clerk	Who do you give money to at a ticket booth?
train station	How would you get to a town?
church	What place of worship often has a lot of candles?
northeast	Where are woods likely to not have evergreens?
lamp	They were having a hard time see what areas of the wall need a second coat of paint, they needed another light source so the plugged in another what?
woman's hair	If I was using a hairpin on a female customer where do I need to put it?
fridge	Where are pictures kept with magnets?
canada	When the pond near the train tracks froze over the local kids all played hockey, it was the stereotypical thing to do where?
garbage	A disposable razor is aptly named, it ends up where?
rise early	How can a farmer get more work done?
salad	What meal usually has carrots and mostly leafy vegetables?
current	The jellyfish was pushed along by the water.  It was caught in what?
lend money	How can you help a person who is broke?
bathroom	Where in a house can you find toilet paper?
rooster	The amateur didn't realize his chicken wouldn't lay enough eggs without a what?
having fun	What are most people trying to do when going on vacation?
supermarket	I want to purchase both frozen food and party supplies in one stop, where would I go?
tension	What might be felt by a crowd during an intense competition?
fashion show	The beautiful women walked up and down the catwalk, the cameras flashed and everybody was enjoying the what?
sun themselves	What is a dangerous outdoor activity for children?
hyperbolic	He could make even the average story dramatic, he had a knack for being what?
lawn	What could you see from a courtyard?
rest more	The man was very tired and sore, he decided to stay in bed to what?
table	Where would my son place his paper plate?
countryside	What kind of place could you find a beaver in?
sitting room	Where is a good place for a safabed to be so it can also be used for seating?
park	Where would you find a public amphitheatre in a city?
stay in bed	If a pregnant woman is diagnosed with exhaustion, what is a likely treatment?
bad breath	What could someone try to prevent by eating breakfast with specific food?
theater district	Where in a city would you find many box offices?
department store	Where does someone obtain a frying pan?
apply for job	What do we have to do before we are able to begin work?
landfill	Where is garbage brought to by garbagemen?
appear in court	The judge had to hear testimony from everybody who would what that day?
talking to god	The faithful believe that when they're praying they are doing what?
dirty dishes	The children were running late for school, after eating breakfast they left behind their what?
satisfaction	The morbidly obese man with unkempt facial hair got his dream job, he was eating hamburger for a show every week which brought him total what?
answers	He was trying to contemplate the formula, as it came to him he filled out the whats?
you're sick	The mom told her son to stay in bed instead of going to school, what did she likely say afterwards?
credit	He hadn't paid the tax or many other bills for that matter, he had horrible what?
fountain	The water spout at the center was impressive.  The spout was at the center of what?
museum	I had some old stuff that could be valuable , where did I send it?
you're stupid	Why would  you smoke despite warnings?
northern hemisphere	which half of the earth do marmots live in?
learning	By playing with educational materials, what were the children doing?
carry people	What do ships other than cargo ships do when they are in the ocean?
deflation	What is a tool for fighting inflation?
college class	To learn something new, what is something an adult can take?
forest	Where would there be few or no people, regarless of whether there is rain?
anterior	Joe put the back of the painting against the way, and displayed what side?
summer	When does christmas happen in Argentina?
storybook	Where could you see a mammoth that is not real?
england	Where are there very famous churchyard?
lung disease	What can smoking lead to?
hallway	To avoid tripping while moving through your home, where should you have a light source?
win	What do you want to do to conquer opponent?
monastic	The man was sick of secular consumerism, what life did he seek instead?
mountains	Where would it be too cold for a marmoset?
spending of money	What do people typically have a hard time doing while at a shop?
arthritis	Knitting can cause what kind of illness in the hand?
hungry	Why would you cook dinner?
heaven	Where do wings symbolize a transition has happened?
niece	He was her uncle, and she was his what?
orchard	Where would you find trees that provide food?
pantry	The food needs to be kept chilled but there is no refrigerator. Where should it be kept?
desk	John was writing into the wee hours.  Because of this he left a mess where?
thinking	What are people doing when washing hands for a long time?
wooded areas	Where is one likely to find a wild fox?
bowling alley	Where can a person use pencils to keep score?
loft	If someone is looking at a ceiling for issues before putting down a rent deposit, where are they likely?
movie	Where could you see a gentleman that is not real?
phone book	I needed to find out how to contact a person with a certain name, where should I look?
violence	Getting drunk often leads to what when people have disagreements?
open eyes	What do you need to do on your face to watch film?
solution to problem	If you spend time finding information on math equations, what are you trying to do?
drug store	Where would you get prescription mouthwash?
predictable	Sarah thought that her party was a surprise, but it was entirely what?
case	Where do you keep instruments when you travel?
pantry	What type of closet are canned goods likely to be in?
coffee cup	What do you hold the handle of after going to Starbucks?
hotel	Jenny had trouble using the phone because she had to dial 9 to get an outside line.  And the manager wasn't very attentive to her needs, either.   Where might she be?
dies	In a war, the killing ends when every person does what?
cherish	Though he despised pie, it reminded him of his wife when he ate it, what did he do to the pie?
house	Where would someone keep a grandfather clock?
school	Where is a student likely to have a ring binder?
elation	How might someone feel if they spend time learning about a subject they're very passionate?
train station	Where would there be a ticket office that has people with suitcases?
train	If I wanted to travel and get bar service, what is one of my best options?
get tired	Eating midday leads people to get what?
new york city	Where on the east coast of the U.S. would you find some of the most famous skyscrapers?
children will learn	The teacher is answering questions, why?
relaxation	Jane is contemplating  taking a break. She hurts and she is tired.  What does she need?
restricted	If a person can only eat certain things their diet is said to be what?
supermarket	It's 9PM and John has a craving for carrots.  He gets into his car and where does he drive to?
feelings	What do all people have except sociopaths?
forest	Sally loved the color of fallen leaves in autumn. She often took long walks in September.  Where might she walk?
honor	While he had great disdain for the King and his knights he still respected their what?
bedroom	Where do you use condoms?
military service	People using a machine gun are a part of what?
go to market	Curiosity caused a cat to jump on john's table, and knock over his lunch.  It was ruined.  He needed to get more, by doing what?
plant trees	What is a landscape gardner likely to do?
zip up	If your trouser fly is unfastened what should you do?
detroit	The apple tree was located outside the car factory, it was one of many where?
confusion	What can learning about the world from a shut in lead to?
house	Where do people keep their food cans?
shoe store	Joe works in an establishment that is filled with stacks of small cardboard boxes with removable lids.  Where does Joe work?
wedding	What sort of life event might draw a large crowd of people together to celebrate?
win elections	A politician makes countless empty promises during a campaign, but the only real goal is to what?
flush	He finished his business, he got up and gave the toilet a what?
game	What would call playing fetch with a small dog?
crying	What is likely the result of remembering a deceased friend?
made	What will have to happen to a chess set before you can play chess?
supermarket	Where can peanut butter be bought?
discomfort	The patient was recovering well but still had a long recovery ahead, while chatting with friends he explained all the what?
conversation	If more than one person is talking to another what are they having?
in charge of project	A boss may like an employee's ambition, so the employee may get put what?
drink water	If you're running twenty six miles you need to be careful, you should make sure you do what throughout the run?
madagascar	The monkey realized he was surrounded by water, where was the monkey?
seeing artifacts	What you viewing if you're not looking at paintings while visiting a museum?
cooties	Little sarah didn't think that anyone should be kissing boys.  She thought that boys had what?
bridge	Hitting what is likely to cause broken glass in a car?
napster	Lars Ulrich might not be happy if your borrow a song from what?
town	The steak house where I come from is the best in where?
roulette wheel	You can pick more than one number, or even pick a color on the what?
boredom	Why might someone without much to do keep driving?
travel agency	What type of booking office is likely to be used for planning a trip?
create art	Inspiration is the start, then it takes creativity to do what?
countries	The world is natural geographically divided in parts, but man artificially divided it into what?
bus depot	The travelers didn't have much money but didn't have far to travel, so were did they go?
reasonable	What would a person be showing about their character by avoiding imprudent decsions?
getting full	What usually causes someone to stop eating?
noise	If you're printing on a printer, someone might notice because of what?
lose money	What happens at the first opening of a business if it's not succesful?
atmosphere	Where could there be a cloud?
shivering	Sarah was cooling off too quickly after exercising hard.   She started doing what?
american southwest	Where would you find a horse in the desert?
injury	Fencing is a sport and like other sports their is a risk of what?
hands	His wife began to worry when he was setting cup on table, she saw what shaking?
pantry	The coupon frenzied lady bought many bags of chips, she had her kids stuff the bags on the shelves in the what?
hurt	Why was the baby crying?
satisfaction	What is someone likely to feel after reaching a tentative agreement?
relaxing	James loved to play violin.  He did it in his spare time because he found it what?
countryside	Where is a lake likely to be warm but untouched?
bedroom	When a pillowcase is on a pillow where will it be?
pollution	John was living in a big city.  It had many roads and a lot of traffic.  He liked it, but didn't appreciate the smell.  He thought that there was too much what?
church	Where is an aisle likely to be surrounded by pews?
juice	What liquid can be kept in a large container?
sleep	If you entire body is experiencing fatigue what would you do at the end of the day?
person	The entrance hall had the host standing inside, what was the host?
ore	Before getting the refined mineral you begin with collecting and mining the what?
carpal tunnel syndrome	Knitting for a long time can lead to what condition?
desk drawer	What is the best place to store a pen?
clean	What type of eating do people want to achieve when they eat vegetables?
recognition	He had a hard time getting his father's attention, he hoped that the winning baseball game would finally get him some what?
very quiet	When watching a movie in a theater it is important to listen to the dialogue so the crowd in the theater must be what?
being satisfied	A person who is hungry and eating breakfast, what is their goal?
wasted time	Bill saw that Lilly was praying. He wasn't religious, so he didn't pray himself.  He felt that it was just what?
province	The country didn't want to join the union. They felt that doing so would reduce them to the status of a what?
wet skin	What is the most common but not long lasting side effect of having a bath?
sporting goods store	Bill needed new socks so he went where?
concert hall	Where can you watch a performance like a symphony?
nudity	John was going bathing in a public hot spring in japan, but he was embarrassed. What wasn't he comfortable with?
backpack	Where is a student likely to keep books?
mountain range	Where are there many large rock?
anxiety	What may you feel if your listening to your mother tell childhood stories to your date?
restaurant	Where are you when an employee brings you cooked potatoes?
demotion	John got a raise, but he lost rank.  Overall, it was a good what?
can fall	What happens if you mess up while skating?
blunt	By the end of one field the sharp scythe wasn't cutting because it had become what?
underpants	Where is a very bad place to find a crab?
drugstore	John walks down an aisle that is full of over the counter medication. and another with assorted items, toys, candy, and whatnot.  If there isn't any food other than candy, what type of store is he probably in?
belong to	Sally made a mistake.  She came home drunk and endeared the wrong house.   What was the relationship between the house and her neighbor?
sink	James shaved, but this left a lot of hair where?
australian outback	While he had seen a koala in the zoo, he was looking forward to finding one in the what?
ashtray	The token was tossed aside carelessly, where did it end up?
regret	Even though he was committing murder in self defense at the time, he still had what about having had done it?
fun	Why do people want to play games?
tree	Where could a marmot go to try to escape from you?
latency	John's router kept going to sleep.  This made his internet searches much slower, because it increased this. What is this?
backpack	Where to put the rope before we start the hike?
fundamental	What time of core value is likely to not be trivial?
country	What is a person the leader of after they are inagurated?
boredom	Greg wasn't interested in academics or history, so when he was visiting the museum with his class he was crushed by what feeling?
native	Though he was foreign he no longer carried an accent and people always just assumed he was what?
town	The corner shop was the epicenter of activity, it's where everybody that knew everybody hung around in the small what?
loss of control	If one is drinking with the intention of getting drunk, what might your body experience?
post office	Where would you give something other than money to a clerk?
case	Where would a highlighter be used in a legal case?
misery	She had grown to despise her husband, she though committing murder was the only way to end her what?
arrive there	He told his parents he was going to go somewhere, they told him to call when he what?
learn new	The scientist began to analyse the results of all the tests, he was hoping to do what ideas about the theory?
attend school	Pencils, paper and curiosity are all great things to bring with you when you do what?
contact lens	What could silicone get stuck to and cause irritation?
theatre	The IMAX screen was even bigger than he imagined, it was so big he felt outdoors rather than in a what?
american forest	A marmot is an animal that is normally found in what type of environment?
bank	What business is likely to have few cubicles?
less sleep	Josh is someone who usually stays up late. He's very much a night person.   Now he's applying to for a nine to five job, but he's worried that he might get what?
close fitting	What will happen to your clothes if you are full?
casino	My idea of entertainment is gambling, where should I go?
dresser	You're not traveling but you need to put your shirt somewhere, what is the name of the object that you'd put it in?
enter college	What does a person sometimes do after they finish secondary education?
department store	A human seeks clothing and electronics in the same place, where does he go?
anxiety	If a person has stage fright and is about to go on stage what will they experience?
question	What might someone get on a test that requires an answer?
fall down	What would happen to a building if it is not needed any more?
restaurant	He felt embarrassed he spilled his soup bowl, he knew the waiter who had to clean it up because he was at his favorite what?
new laws	If someone wants a changing society, what do they need from their government?
share files	What would you need at least two computers to do?
oklahoma	The snake was found in a cave north of Texas.  Where might it have been found?
back yard	Where would you first look for your dog?
high school band	If I am playing a xylophone with a large, amateur ensemble of young people, what am I a member of?
creation of art	What is a method expressing yourself while making an object of lasting beauty?
sleeping	How do you usually rest when you are laying down in a bed?
fall asleep	What happens when someone is resting when they are tired?
city	Where are you likely to find more than one parking lot?
lumberyard	A builder looking for wood to build a new home is likely to visit what location?
movie	His first big break wasn't with his band, but he played his musical instrument for the soundtrack of a what?
generous	James was a mean person, but he was also very what?
working	After the lunch break, what did the men resume doing?
water	Where is a boat always supposed to be?
problem	If someone is agreeing with everybody they're bound to get caught in the middle, this can create more of a what?
old clock	A wooden rod was used to wind up his freestanding what?
visiting friends	He was back in his hometown, he was planning on having fun and doing what?
affection	What do dogs need to be happy?
exchanging information	What happens while chatting with friends about current events?
prison	Where would a local terrorist end up if they are caught?
learn language	What must a foreign exchange student do to get around in the new country?
make breakfast	Why would a camper start burning logs?
bookstore	Where would you buy something from a clerk?
office	Sarah put her food in a trash can beside her desk.  Where might she have been?
livingroom	If you want to stay warm while watching television you're take your comforter where?
livingroom	where can you sit to work on your needlepoint near your front door?
submarine	What has many head which breath air which is not fresh?
might awaken	John he dreaming that he's falling.  What could happen when he hits the ground in his dream?
sleep	The housemate was suffering boredom with what the others were doing, he just decided to do what early?
front porch	Where is a traditional place to have your rocking chair?
lake	Where could a jellyfish stay alive?
paris	The romantic vacation had gone perfectly, she had always wanted this moment of sitting at a cafe on the streets of where?
instruments	The day was over and the teeth filled, the dentist had to put all his metal what away?
recreational center	Where can you find a tennis court for non professionals?
soccer game	The grass at the park was torn up with cleat marks, what likely perspired?
sing songs	What does an actor in a musical do?
drink water	Joe likes horses.  He likes how they move.  Unfortunately he can't keep them because he can't provide for them.  What is one thing that horses need to do to live?
tank	Where would you find a pet jellyfish?
music store	If you do not have an organ, where would you get it?
fair trial	A person is being judged, what is he entitled to?
lame	John went to see the massive ball of yarn that was supposedly the largest in the world, but he didn't enjoy it.  In hindsight, he found it to be what?
injury	What might happen to a head to cause losing consciousness?
notice	The child was suffering from neglect, luckily the teach took what?
activity	All the children were having fun, the game of tag was a great choice of what?
party	Where would you not be able to hear a telephone?
fidelity	John was very annoyed by the infidelity of his sound system.  He had paid a premium for it, so he expected what?
entertained	People enjoy many things, using television is the most common way people are what?
airport	Where are people likely to leave a car in a parking lot for an extended time?
japan	The steak house was unfamiliar to western palettes, from where did the cooking style originate?
backwards	He ordered his men to go forth and drive the enemy which way?
livingroom	What common area do most people keep a sofabed in?
garage	He kept a container can for draining oil in what location of the house?
funny	She usually didn't like Adam Sandler, so she found it surprising that she found his latest movie what?
irritation	James hated getting in line.  The time spent brought him only what feeling?
being able to use	If spend time finding information on operating something, what do you hope to acheive?
opera	Where are seats often plush?
detention	When attending school, if I misbehave, what could happen to me after school?
cool down	Why do people want to swim in the heat?
rebel	If I was a christian in American in the 1700s, what did I do to Britain?
rock	You might grab what to smash a large, frightening bug when you're outdoors?
learn	What benefit can you get from watch tv?
neighborhood	The roadway had a fast speed limit, but there were children nearby, what was safety concerned for?
drink water	What will hot cats do?
carolina	The man was from north carolina, but he just referred to it simply as what?
injury	What can happen to a dog wiggling during grooming?
fresh produce	The person preferred going to the farmer's market over the grocery store, why?
towns	Where are small city halls usually located?
ground	Where is bacteria likely to be found naturally?
parade	The horse was decorated because it was taking part in something. What was it in?
exhaustion	What does a long session of procreating cause?
backpack	Where would you put scissors if you will need to use them in another building soon?
canada	The signs went from English to French, they had traveled far along the national highway where?
getting tired	After a while playing, what was happening to the children?
recorder	WHat do you use to recording something?
universe	The sloth was very muscular, but he couldn't compete in the contest because it had a humans only rule.  What contest was the sloth trying to enter?
fence	What do you put around a garden to keep animals out?
go to movies	HOw do you watch film before its on video?
side with	If you're relaxing with friends and you agree with one but not the other, what have you done?
alienate	When we judge people what do we tend to do to them?
decay	Sammy wanted to preserve the wallpaper, but it was wet and had already begun to do what?
big city	The largest train stations are in what areas?
backache	She was worried about driving car, she was worried what might flare up during a long drive?
store	Where would you get nails if you do not have any?
ground	To where do apple trees drop their fruit?
cruet	A saltshaker is often used with what container for lipids?
spain	John stood in the courtyard and watched the bulls.  Where might he have been?
swamp	What is likely to be filled with noxious water?
shopping cart	Where would you put a tote bag while you are getting some food?
wooden	Hammers are made of metal and what other item?
go for haircut	He seemed to be putting too much stock in the date, even though it wasn't shaggy he went to what?
river bed	As they skipped stones, where were they looking for new ones?
live in poverty	A person, cannot afford their home, they are likely to be experiencing what?
orchestra	My friend makes a living playing trumpet, where might he work?
rome	What stadium is there where men once fought with spears?
impatience	If you've been standing in queue for a long time you may develop some what?
atlantic ocean	Where would you find an anemone off the eastern U.S.?
older generation	They enjoyed the stories their uncle told, he was the eldest and the closest living connection to the what?
not listening	Talking to someone is pointless if they're doing what?
southern hemisphere	South America is in winter when North America is in summer, this is because it is located where?
frightened	What is someone with courage in a surprising situation not likely to feel?
demean	What is the opposite of to dignify someone?
injury	What could stop someone from staying healthy?
body	what does skin cover?
set table	What is a good way for children to learn about dining etiquette?
making music	She was playing violin with the hope of recording it someday, what did she want to do with her talent?
watch film	What class activity is unlikely to cause boredom?
violent	The country enjoyed a period of peace, it was brought about by a very what time?
get	Billy is grooming himself in his bedroom because he wanted to be handsome for the dance.  He can't find his comb. He rushes to the store to do what with a comb?
ground	What would you most likely use a blower to remove snow from?
countryside	The cows were lost in the city and hated the noise, what did they long for?
fraternity house	Where did the two friends party and get drunk before going back to their sorority?
detroit	If a person saw wings on a helmet, where would they be?
work area	What kind of place is an excavation site?
own house	Where is a basement likely to be small?
feel special	What does a birthday do to someone?
coat pocket	Alcohol wasn't allowed at the meeting, so where did the alcoholic put his flask?
sensible	When picking an object for a baby something soft is the what option?
briefcase	The business man had a big meeting that day, but his small child had gotten marker all over his fancy leather what?
higher taxes	I have given up my goal of gaining more land.  Why did I give up?
flat ground	The general decided to take to the only hill overlooking the field of battle that was entirely what?
shop	Where would you get a radio if you do not have one?
fabric store	Tweed is a fabric I am looking to make clothing with, where should I go to buy some?
church	The installers had to move all the rows of benches, they were putting in new carpet where?
anger	When you express  this emotion you can be hurting someone else?
gain insight	James spent time contemplating what he had learned.  He did this to do what?
grow plants	What is the reason for having a gardener?
bus terminal	If I work in public transportation and find a door with a lock, where am I likely?
work hard	I love to see an idea become a reality.  In order to accomplish that, I must do what?
town	There is only one soccer field in the area, and people love to play there. Where might the soccer field be?
bloom	What is it called when a plant opens up in the sunlight?
box	There wasn't enough space.  You need to get a bigger what?
backpack	When taking a long walk, where would you store your clothing?
sadness	What happens to family members after death?
shelf	John couldn't reach the place he needed to dust.  What couldn't he reach?
own kitchen	Sally was looking for a saltshaker.  She looked where she ate, and it wasn't there. She looked in storage, and it wasn't there.   She searched every corner, eventually she found it wedged beside a counter.   Where did she find the saltshaker?
losing money	When buying something you gain that item but you also what?
would cease to exist	What would happen after you finished dying?
make music	She began to play violin at a young age, she had a passion to do what?
building	When the man needed storage for his personal belongings, what did he look to rent?
gratifying	What kind of activity is making bread?
jog	What will an athlete do to warm up their legs?
great outdoors	Where is a bee naturally found?
play games	How can you achieve happiness in a group?
trashcan	where do you throw garbage?
listen to music	What do most people do when they need to relax?
reverse	Gill went forth for some time.   Because hie forgot something, he put the car in what?
synagogue	A person might wear his yarmulke when going to where?
dancing about	Suzan is fiddling while Johnny, Jerry, and the rest are having some wild fun with not particular rhyme or pattern.  What might they be doing?
suburb	Where is a front yard likely to be small?
fiction	News and reality shows are examples of programs that are not works of what?
working hard	He was applying for a job, what did he promise to do when he spoke with the manager?
sneezing	What could happen to you if you are cleaning house for only a short time?
feelings	People have many different emotions during the day we also call these this?
fall down	What do dead trees often do?
hear stories	What do children often do before bed?
shortness of breath	What might happen to someone not used to jogging?
meeting	Where would glasses be needed by many people?
burn	The drought was dangerous for the trees, they were more likely to what?
form images	James imagined what he wanted and his mind did what?
get hungry	Jimmy and Tim like playing together.  When they play for a long time they have to stop because they do what?
crisp	What type of apples do people prefer?
articulate	He used his hands to mold the clay, what was hoping to make his clay more like?
judge men	Many in the flock often forget the most basic tenants, a big one being that on god can what?
sporting goods store	Where would you get a ball if you do not have one?
speak words	How do most people communicate?
buy food	What does someone who has a greed for energy do?
boredom	What can sitting in a room, waiting for an appointment lead to?
basement	This is one of many places where you're unlikely to find a sloth, and it may be illegal to keep one here. What is this?
gas station	Where can you get gasoline?
weather report	The storm was surprising, where didn't it show up for meteorologists?
include examples	The teacher didn't just want the answer and work shown but also for the students to what?
stress	What might a homeowner feel when their house is going to market?
learn to speak	What does a baby do before it can talk?
livingroom	There were so many guests for Thanksgiving, where did the host put the extra table?
park	The older gentlemen enjoyed socializing over a chess board, on clear warm days he did this at the local what?
truthful	He had to take oath that he would be what?
being able to use	After buying products, reading the manual enables what?
television program	The narrator explained the behaviors of the gazelle, sitting on the couch he was enjoying the what?
sign language	Using your hands to communicate is how you do what?
military band	What group may be one of the few where playing the bugle has a big role?
mass	What did Einstein determine that energy is made of?
produce food	Whether it's livestock or produce a farmer does what?
marry each other	How do people become a couple forever?
old houses	What is probably not built out of a wooden rod?
british columbia	Victoria is the capital of what canadian province?
panic	What could happen when beginning work after it is too late?
virginia	I love crab, but I don't get much where I live in rural where?
theater	Where can someone watch a show from a balcony?
ask questions	The child was curious about something, what did he do?
go somewhere	The couple woke up to good weather finally, the rain had ruined the vacation so far but today they would what?
brown meat	What do you do on a stove to prepare meat?
form opinions	Part of child development is when he/she stops imitating and following and begins to do what on their own?
neighbor's house	James went across the street for food because his was contaminated. Where might he have gone?
cool temperature	The oven was left open after turning off to do what?
solve equation	What will the student have to do on the test?
super market	Steve was surprised to find an underground map while he was shopping and carrots and paperback books.  Where might he have found it?
metro station	The person went to the ticket booth to buy a trip, they now had to wait for the rails to signal the arrival or their ride at the what?
supermarket	What has a cash register with a limited items line?
eastern united states	The travelers came across many a toll road during their road drip through New England and other parts of where?
room	Where should we move this furniture?
soup	What is the main ingredient in any soup?
arthritis	What was causing my knees to hurt after going jogging?
blaring	What could happen if a band is not very good?
school	The best place for the troublemaker to sneak a smoke while he was in where, was in the bathroom?
demonstration	Where do you see signs that state a point of view?
listen	I communicate in hopes someone is within earshot, what do I want them to do?
cost money	Why might someone not get things they need?
sufficient	What would something be if it is not bad but not too good?
create	What do people in the art industry work hard to do?
stopping	James took his time walking home.  He found himself doing what at every place along the way?
root cellar	Billy was at an hold wood and stone cabin.   He found potatoes growing through the floorboards.  Where might the potato plants be?
transportation system	Several train terminals linked together is an example of what?
battleship	Where would a captain be on the sea?
anger	Hurting someone else is not an acceptable way to express what?
shelf	WHere do you store dry food?
drawer	Things were getting hot and heavy, one of them got a contraceptive from the what of the nightstand?
nearest house	The human was cold and just needed to step inside quickly, what did he look for?
pain and suffering	The old man had a bad back, what did doing housework do to him?
brass band	Everyone in John's band plays brass instruments.  What type of band might it be?
towns	In smaller whats are there less needs a bus stop?
music shop	Where would you go to buy a harp?
specific	what do scientists want to identify when they discover a new animal?
ground	From where would you expect to pick up a rock?
manhattan	The tourists spent all day seeing the landmarks, they started at a subway station on upper west side of where?
free trade zones	Lindy is building a new factory. He wants to minimize the taxes he pays, so he's looking to build in what sort of place?
suitcase	Where might a traveler keep their comb?
classroom	Where might a teacher share her books?
cargo	Items such as medicine, cars, or grain transported on a train is called what?
hang out	What is it called when teens are together not doing anything in particular?
conformity	Using television to broadcast the same shows to everyone, you can potentially increase what?
boat	Where is required to have a single fire extinguisher?
laundromat	Where is there likely a lot of lint?
map	The place was special to them, you couldn't find it on just any what?
own death	If you're caught committing murder, an injection can lead to your own what?
hard	She was on a diet, resisting the indulgent chocolates would be what?
coaster	What are you supposed to be setting cup on a table?
basketball court	The big man was all size and no talent, but the coach taught him to defend the key and make it his home on the what?
hunt for food	This animal with sharp teeth does what for dinner?
milk cow	If a person needs food from a dairy what should they do?
stomach aches	Eating to much will lead to what kind of pain?
basement	Where do kids like to hang out to watch tv and avoid their parents in the house?
military	A drab olive drawstring bag is where someone in the what would keep their belongings?
nuts	The squirrel was rather plump, it had found a home that leaves out what?
house	What kind of building would you expect to find a skylight?
washington	The pacific northwest is a beautiful region, especially just below the northern border in where?
lay down	What is the first thing someone does before planning to stay in bed?
take off	Bo wanted to put on his clean clothes, but that would have required doing what to his dirty ones?
burp	What noise can you make while having lunch that does not indicate you might die soon?
sky	When Bill goes out the door and look up, what does he find outside?
ocean	Where would you be landing if you jumped out of a cruise ship?
pantry	Where would you store potato chips in their home?
get laid	If a person is complimentary and making trivial physical contact what are they trying to do?
refrigerator	Where should you keep your mustard after it's been opened?
feather	People used to write with a quill dipped in ink that was made from what part of a bird?
victory in war	As one side made advances on the other it seemed it would soon be over, the losers were doomed because not everyone gets to celebrate what?
pacific northwest	Where are you likely to find a bald eagle on a floating bridge?
garbage dump	Where always has a large amount of trash that only grows?
demonstration	The engineer put the new invention on the table in front of his bosses, he turned on his microphone and began his what of the product?
different	Like the saying about snowflakes, every person is unique and what?
apiary	Billy was a bee.  He lived where bees live.  Where did he live?
order	What are you about to do if you're standing in line for food?
city	Most dentist offices are found in what groups of homes and businesses?
office building	Bobby had a toothache so he went to the closet dentist office, which was in a strange place.  Where might it be?
mail order	The company didn't have any local stores.  How did they sell things?
correct answer	John thought that it was a mistake to pick A.  He meant to choose B put picked A by accident. He was relieved when he learned that A was what?
meeting new people	What is a social benefit of going to party?
race track	People gather where to watch large four-legged animals run?
auditorium	Where do you buy tickets to a show?
catching fish	What is the hope of going fishing?
emotions	What is likely to run high when two people are competing against each other?
spring forth	The spring was warming up, what did this cause life to do?
competent	What is someone not bad at their work likely to be?
big city	Subway stations are generally found in a?
work	Why might someone go to an office building?
play	What would you be doing if you are pretending to be a cop or robber?
indigestion	Despite doctor's orders, she ate breakfast in bed, what did she feel?
refrigerators	Where do you store cold food?
deaths	Danny was studying statistics in class, and he something disturbing about driving.   It causes a significant number of what?
dental office	Where do you visit a dentist?
hurting	What's something bad that is done to people that does not help them?
bundle	The flooring was a good bargain, you got a bigger discount the bigger the what?
invigorating	What can someone do to end relaxing?
post office	Where does something get weighed on a scale in order to determine a price?
candy store	Where can one find a wide variety of chocolate?
college	Where can I go to take classes on playing an upright piano?
being happy	If someone is fiddling at a hoedown, how do they likely feel?
closet	His dryer was on the fritz and not drying clothes all they, so he pointed an electric fan at his clothes after he hung up in the what?
habitual	Why does a person find a routine odd when things go astray?
vacationgoer	I go on a lot of vacations, what does that make me?
freeway	If you're driving to catch a flight connection, what is the fasted road to take?
park	Where would you play frisbee after enjoying some hot dogs?
treasure chest	Gold collected by people with peg legs and parrots was stored where?
illiterate	He had to fake reading because he was what?
doctor's office	Where does someone go to step on a scale annually?
cheers	The home school's team was playing basketball, ever score brought what from the crowd?
healthy children	what does a person who is a parent want?
be still	George couldn't move without being killed, so he put in effort to do what?
bath room	The shower obviously wasn't in the living room of the home, where was it?
pleasure	What is the opposite of pain?
train station	Where do passengers typically wait?
sit up	A person woke up in bed.  Their spouse was sleeping beside them.  They rolled over, did something, and stood.  What did they do before standing?
watch film	John had a lot of free time.  He didn't enjoy television much but had no one to interact with, so he'd spend his free time doing what?
two eyes	Humans tend to have what round things that dart around?
action	What are you contemplating taking when you need to get something done?
discount store	Where do you buy a cheap book?
live	Breathing was difficult after the injury, but he was still able to what with it?
georgia	She found the housing option in the midwest were plain, where should she look for houses for less plain architecture?
continue to grow	If grass is given plenty of water and light, what will it do?
battlefield	Where can you often find many soldiers?
new realization	If you believe something but then you begin getting and understanding new information you may come to a what?
phoning	Joe didn't remember to tell Marsha something important before she left home, so he spent an hour desperately doing what?
tool shed	He likes to keep all his equipment out back in it, so where is his saw?
refuse	When someone does not want something, they are said to do what to it?
texas	Lisa was driving down the highway when she saw a billboard telling her that she was near the border.  Where might she be?
golf course	Where would you expect to find a doctor on his day off?
war zone	Where are you likely to find an injured soldier?
property	What is a yard usually part of?
developed land	What are built up areas near the highway called?
stretch	A material that is elastic is able to do what?
awake	When do you get out of a bed?
spit	This ice in my mouth is cold, what should i do with it?
creation	The inspector judged it to be a copy, it was not a what of the original artist?
street	Sometimes the garbage men are sloppy, the garbage waste seems to miss the truck and end up in the where?
tension	How might someone feel if they were committing perjury?
deny	If a teacher wants to punish a student by not allowing them to go to recess, what are they doing to them?
toy store	Where is the best place to get a bicycle for a child?
pacific ocean	Where is the great white shark most commonly located?
new contacts	If you're going to a party held at work you are there to make what?
medicine cabinet	If a man needs a shave he'd go to the bathroom, then maybe get the disposable razor out of where?
disneyland	Where do tourists go to see princesses in America?
see exhibits	Curiosity lead James to put extra effort into doing what at the fair?
learn new	He read book after book, he always liked to do what things?
fear death	Why does this person stop and look both ways at a railroad crossing?
freeway	Where are cars likely to move quickly?
hide from	They were planning a surprise party, a car pulled up and they started to do what the guest of honor?
greeting	What do you give people when they meet people?
university	Where could you find super computers?
head south	What are birds likely to do in the winter?
overpopulation	What is procreating too much likely to lead to?
people helped	Sarah loves giving assistance.  She doesn't ask for anything in returned.  What does Sarah probably care about most?
stress	Sarah didn't like driving cars.   The traffic gave her a lot of what?
cultural revolution	If a coup-de-etat happens with hopes of changing society, what is called for?
get pregnant	The woman spent a lot of time drinking alcohol, what did doctors advise her not to do?
smoke pot	Two people were hanging around the quick stop.  They were getting hungry.    What might have they been doing?
wash hands	After I urinate what should I do before I eat?
sports complex	The whole area was larger than just the baseball stadium, it was an entire what?
go to prison	What will happen if you're caught killing people?
country club	While he golfed she got a spa treatment, they were glad they became members where?
meditation	Why might someone purposefully be going into trance?
dinner	Where is quiet conversation likely to take place?
virginia	Which state is the blue ridge mountains roanoke city in?
united states	What covers the largest percentage of the pacific northwest?
listen to music	To deal with sadness many people will do what on their iPhone?
lay down	Billy tried to arise, but he could not stand from bed. He continued to do what?
think about things	What is the definition of cogitating?
electricity	What does a person miss when a tree hits power lines?
purr	It isn't always a good thing, sometimes cats do what because they're nervous?
lawbook	Where would a lawyer look to find a rule  they are governed by?
express information	What does a person do when he or she shows excitement?
obesity	Having lunch too many times can result in what?
coffee	What are beans typically used to make in a drink?
countryside	If there is a pond with nobody nearby, where is it likely located?
start walking	If I were to stand up and put my leg in front of the other leg repeatedly I would do what?
shaving kit	James was traveling abroad for a few weeks and he had trouble finding his double edged razor. He eventually found it together with some cream and a small comb.  What did he find it in?
cotton candy	What may a person want to buy at a carnival for a sweet treat?
drug store	Where would you buy a notepad along side condoms or toothpaste?
germany	Where is a person likely to dance to disco in a Bavarian town?
capsule	A doctor can prescribe an antibiotic in many forms, what type might have a gel coating?
flower bed	Where does a person usually plant a rosebush?
science lab	If I wanted to analyze some material, where should I go?
small hole	One indicator of a mouse in your house is what?
run fast	With four legs dogs can do what?
corner	If you wanted to put a lamp in an area of the room where the walls meet, where would you put it?
hardware store	Where would you get a saw that you can take home?
park	Where is a rosebush unlikely to be?
retina	Neuroepithelium is found in a few places, you're using which one to read this text if you're human?
brainy	He was a walking stereotype, his glasses were thick and he was what?
memory loss	What would be the result of going into a deep trance in order to purge the subconscious?
neighbor's house	Where do people go near their own home to sit on the couch?
desk drawer	Where would you put a clip if you want to be able to reach it easily while you are working?
winning	What do most people hope to achieve when playing sports?
relax	Why would you sit down in front of a tv?
drugstore	Where can you buy sunglasses at?
sleepwalking	Going into a trance is often associated with what sort of unconscious involuntary movement at night?
putting together	Sarah didn't think that they deserved division.  She spend a lot of effort doing what to them?
brass band	What type of group is a bugle used in?
have imagination	Joe likes to pretend, and he knows that to pretend you need something special.  What is necessary to pretend?
office	If you needed a lamp to do your work, where would you put it?
hockey game	Violence is inescapable.  In both the conflict between nations and the conflict between men.   Donny enjoyed the violence.  He likes going up against other people.  That's why he played what?
at hotel	Where can you find a pool other than at a nearby residence?
children born	Billy and June were in the process of procreating.  It was very fun, but they knew that it would lead to what uncomfortable end?
short term	What is often true about secular holidays?
procrastination	Jim was beginning work on his essay the day before it was due, what did Jim suffer from?
disneyland	What would be a dream vacation for some children?
amount to	Joe and Mac were students students concerned about their future.  They wanted to be important and do what to something?
torso	The aorta is the main artery in what area of the body?
meeting	Sam turned on the projector and showed his powerpoint presentation to his partners.  Where might he be?
happiness	For many kids playing baseball is an American pastime, it brings them great what to play?
perfumery	If your hair gel stinks it is too what?
soap and water	What do you use to washing clothes?
sorrow	During his guilty sentencing for the killing the suspect was stoned faced, he expressed remorse for the what he had caused the victim's families?
forest	A creek can be located in a tree are called what?
get fitter	A person wants to lose mass,what steps do the take?
solar system	What is the world known to be a part of?
bus station	James took his duffle bag with him when he walked to a place in order to go to another place.  Where did he walk to?
human body	Where does a drop of blood come out of?
night sky	The moon was seen surrounded by stars, when was it seen by people?
store	The merchant wanted a place to sell his wares, what did he build?
church	Where can a human go on Sunday?
neighbor's house	Where is the closest place outside of one's own home that a grill can be found?
zoo	There are many different creatures that are easy to see for people even in a city here.
shake hands	Sam was having a meeting with a friend.  When they saw each other they exchanged greetings and did what?
make art	Billy wanted to impress his family.  What might he do to impress people?
coma	John never felt himself losing consciousness.   The next thing he knew a year had passed.  He had been what?
conclusion	Discovering truth would come during what part of serious research?
get	What does someone want to do when they have greed?
demonstration	The person was prevented from leaving work, what blocked him in the street?
cactus	What common plant doesn't need water?
poop	Sarah loved birds, but when they flew overhead she was covered with what?
going to prison	What is going to happen if you kill people?
bus depot	Where are you likely to find many a bench?
exception	The cocky lead character beat the odds again, he then made a quip about ever rule having its what?
england	Where is the tearoom likely to have originated?
brain tumor	What would cause a person to have  headaches?
neighbor's house	Where do people go to borrow sugar?
restaurant	Where could someone give you a plate with a grape on it?
stagnant	The stream had not had a flow in months, the drought had left the water levels what?
sea	If you are enjoying sunshine on the beach, what do you likely have views of?
stop speaking	In a conversation what is the first thing you must do in order to listen?
swallow	When you are drinking liquid, what are you doing?
new jersey	There was a toll road outsied of Hoboke, where was it located?
house	Where does a furnace usually heat?
cow	The stud bull was brought in to breed with the prize winning what?
compost pile	Where would a cat be digging for a mouse?
park	Even in the city he liked to get outside when he could, he really liked to sit by the pond and then walk around the what?
hockey game	A hard piece of rubber deflected off a stick and flew up and struck a fan, this could only happen at a what?
short fuse	The electricity went out in the house, what did the man suspect was the cause?
wait for	Some people go their whole life doing what for love?
free	What do Democrats to make all learning in schools?
disneyland	While in Southern California they donned their mouse ears for the day, they bought some balloons from a vendor while they were where?
marry	Sarah didn't want to wait until she was an adult, but she had to in order to do what?
homework	John tried to test himself but he was never good at it.   He felt that it would be best if he just continued to complete his what?
tokio	Where can you find the most authentic Japanese restaurant?
shame	John didn't like committing perjury.  It made him feel what emotion?
near end	The story had hit its climax, it was what?
war	Officers will carry a pistol to shoot deserters from what?
toolbox	Where is a good place to store a saw?
tree tops	Where do monkeys hang out?
annoy	What happens to cats if they are near water?
carnival	There is plenty of noise when you're at what celebration featuring food and games?
use television	What would you do if you have curiosity about a new show?
mall	Where is not likely to have a very formal dining area?
fight enemy	For the soldier he needed actual hatred, but for his squad member all it took was orders to what?
calluses	Running in bad shoes can easily cause something painful. What can it cause?
bathroom	Billy was a human, and he had human bodily functions.  He needed to catch his flight but ended up missing it, because he had too much mexican and was stuck where?
regret	What could happen after becoming inebriated and then being sent to prison?
hired help	Sam refered to Sean as a servant.  Joan was less polite, and used a different term. What term did she use?
bedroom	The cat was annoying because it would not leave James alone.  Whenever he locked himself down for work it would find its way into where?
rock band	The drum is a key part of which kind of musical organization?
kitchen cabinet	James wanted a plastic saucer to put some cat food on  He certainly wasn't going to use a good saucer.  Where might he look for one?
make people laugh	What can other person do to cheer a group up who are feeling down?
harm's way	If you're human, or even if you aren't, you'll want to stay out of this. What is this?
exercise	Jumping up and down over a rope is a form of what?
rhode island	He admired the apple tree, he was relaxing in the smallest of the fifty where?
car door	Oil can fix the squeak on the hinges on what that you open or close when you drive to the store?
windy	The calm seas weren't going to stay that way long, their sails filled as it got what?
hospital	Where do you typically use a tourniquet?
machine part	The person wanted to fix his car, what did he order?
own home	Where is the closest dining room?
mexico	Where does the cuisine from a mexican restaurant originate?
retract	The kitten was starting to extend its sharp claws more, it had to be taught when to do what with them as to not hurt others?
street	The bad man tossed his bubblegum out of his window and onto the what?
maine	Where am I if I am not eating crab, but rather lobster in the Northern United States?
military base	Where would you find a gun along with people in uniform training for war?
misery	Why would someone be committing suicide?
death	What can drinking alcohol in excess to the point of poisoning cause?
muscles	What helps a human to move?
asthma	What could prevent you from doing housework that involves dust?
food and water	A person needs to breathe to survive, but they also need what two things to thrive?
southern europe	If you're on the terrace enjoying warm Mediterranean breezes in what part of the continent are you?
hardware store	Where would you get a stepladder if you do not have one?
one head	What do humans have that cerberus does not have?
ticket	If person goes to a bar, spends a few hours hitting the bottle, then takes himself home, what might he get?
suburbs	Sally wanted to buy a house close to a city, but not too far away.  Where did Sally look for a home?
healthiness	Tired of his sickness, what did the man seek as he visited various doctors?
trunk	Where do you hide a dead body?
panic	If you're going on vacation and you leave your tickets at home what might you experience when you get to the airport?
california	Where is  a state highway likely to be crowded?
toy store	Where would children be preparing for future playing?
university	The knowledge was expensive to get, where was it being gained?
animated film	What kind of entertainment may feature a talking weasel on an adventure?
visit relatives	A person misses his aunt, what is he likely to do about it?
universe	Where are all planets located?
wedding	Where do families begin?
neighbor's house	If a person  answers the phone from a local area code, where might the call be coming from?
finite	What is it called when life has an end date?
holster	The gun was uncomfortable tucked in her pants, where did she put it?
verbose	The professor spoke in a laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding?
say hello	How would a human verbally great another?
countryside	During the roadtrip they finally stopped seeing signs for falling rock, there surroundings were getting less step as the entered the open what?
dryer	What is used in a bathroom when towels aren't available to get water off your hads?
wear out	He didn't like washing clothes because he thought the machine would do what to his good jeans?
get full	What will happen when a person is eating hamburger in a sufficient amount?
roof	Where can leaves slide from and end up in a gutter?
hate each other	In a volatile social climate people will tend to what?
british columbia	Though a bald eagle is synonymous with the USA, they can be found in what two word province too?
confuse	What might fear do to people?
feeling better	The sickness was beginning to fade after resting, he was what?
see exhibits	Curiosity was high since it was a good tour guide, she explained things first then took the group to what?
resuscitate	What might a doctor have to do in an emergency?
play music	The iphone can do many things.  If you threw away your iPod, you probably use your iPhone to do what?
state park	Some people just want to get away from it all, but that can be a problem if many people are also visiting the what?
practice	How do you get good at playing guitar?
basic organization	The dog had the sheep getting in line, it was amazing a dog could have what skills?
change in mood	Mary was singing because she wasn't happen and she wanted to do what?
recycled	What is a great thing to do with used glass?
exhaustion	The marathon included dancing for as long as possible for a prize, what did people feel as a result?
radical	Someone who's belief in a philosophy is not slight but extreme is what?
bedroom	When Bob plugs has electricity next to his nightstand, where is he?
closeness	John thought the distance between himself ahd Sally was insurmountable.  But when he opened up to her, he found that they shared something What did they share?
police station	Where are all employees likely to carry a weapon?
brown meat	What do I cook on the stove when I want to make tacos?
central idaho	The bald eagle flew over the potato fields over what region of the place known for them?
sporting goods store	Where is a cord likely to be on a tent?
construction	If you see materials surrounded by workers you may be in what zone?
suburbia	Where is one likely to find many lawns?
queensland	James saw a Koala while driving to work. Where might James live?
obsolete	What would someone say about a tube television?
disneyland	Where is the gift shop that you would buy a mickey mouse at?
jail	Where would you be unable to read a newspaper?
united states	Where is texas located?
town center	John didn't like going to the square, but he did anyway.   Where might the square be?
group students	How will a teacher begin projects for students required to work together?
value life	I as a person don't kill others, why do I not?
jar	Grandma always had baked cookies, all you had to do was look in the what?
cars	What is likely to crash in an intersection?
building	Where can someone store furniture?
everything	When one thinks enough about it, what do they realize everything is made of?
headaches	What kind of pain can be caused my watching television too much?
hour	He knew the kickoff wouldn't happen right away, so he waited a quarter past the what before he turned on the football game?
enjoy working	Why would a person stay at their job without being paid?
muscles	All people need to move, otherwise what will atrophy?
company	She used her connections to get an interview, where did she want to work?
book	Where would a person find information in the old days?
fucking	Joe and Jane have begun reaching a tentative agreement about the merger of their two companies.  Their negotiations have become less than professional,  and have begun doing something that is very unprofessional and compromises their objectivity.  What might they be doing?
washing machine	Where is dirty clothing likely to be put?
change in leadership	Artificial intelligence is changing society.  Shifting needs and capabilities have led to what?
say love	George is a person who kept things bottled up  Even though he was married, he never did what?
slim waist	If a person does many sit-ups what can they gain?
itches	How will skin feel after contact with poison ivy?
forest	What area with trees experiences heavy rain?
continent	Death Valley is in the North American what?
bliss	What is ignorance often equated with?
motel	Where do you get a cheap room at a reception desk?
clothing store	Where can you buy a fashionable satchel?
backyards	The weasel was sifting through garbage, where did it look for it?
attacked	Why would I be killed?
computer game	The graphic designer worked in tile, these digital tiles made up the maps of a what?
society	Bill crossed a boundary in his daily life and transgressed against an important rule of what?
pharmacy	Where would you find teeth whitening bleachers?
united states	Louisiana is one of fifty, together they make up the what?
clean room	What does a parent tell their child to do after they've played with a lot of toys?
paws	What do you call the feet on a dog?
rest area	Where could you find a toilet that anyone can use?
building	An arch is a very strong way to have a doorway in a what?
hardware store	If you need threaded rod you can buy it where?
vessel	What is the base of a vase called?
tomales bay	The shark realized it was in northern california, where was it likely?
table	I framed the picture so I could look at it while I ate dinner, so where did I put it?
surface of earth	Rocks can be found on many planets and moons, but we know of the widest variety of them on the what?
deserts	Joe bought a bunch of grapes because he likes to use them to top his what?
game room	Where in your home would you store your chess set and other such entertainment items?
coin collection	The token was taken out of the folder due to being fraudulent, what was it taken from?
urban settlement	Where is an alley cat likely to live?
higher interest rates	Fighting inflation is always a topic in economics, but the soon to be homeowner had to worry about the what?
internet cafe	James didn't have any teabags at home, nor did he have any cold tea.  He wanted tea, though, he rushed out and went where?
in washington	Where in the U.S. might foreigners expect to see a bald eagle, but probably won't?
home	The poet needed to write about his distant past, where did he have to go to do so?
dance together	What do people do at a night club on the floor?
palm pilot	Where is one likely to keep a stylus?
locker room	Where would a towel be kept in a gym?
insomnia	Even though it's a weekday Bob stays up late watching television instead of going to bed. Why does it do this?
train station	Where does a ticket booth stand at the front of?
drawer	Where do people often keep a bag from the grocery store?
pencil box	Where would you put an eraser if you are at home and need to go to class?
pc board	A flashing LED might indicate a serious problem with your computer if it is on your what?
saltwater	A shark is stuck in a lake, where does it need to go provided it isn't a bull shark?
bad feelings	What can instituting civil action be preceded by?
like	The men talked at length and found they were agreeing with a lot of things, how would they describe their feeling toward one another?
furniture store	Where do you get a table?
bag	Where would you put an eyeglasses case if you are a man?
stress	What might intense competing cause someone to feel?
conversation	Every Monday morning he would meet friend, they would have coffee and a good what?
classroom	Where could there be people making noise if no one is supervising the people?
supermarket	Where is a good place to get food for most people?
kill	The predator was committing murder, what was his intention to his victim?
ground	Where would you put your garden?
scrutinizing	What should a savvy consumer do when being presented with proof for the effectiveness of a product that seem too good to be true?
choke	The portly man was having lunch, he ate so fast he didn't chew small enough pieces and sure enough began to what?
play music	Susan listened to the radio most of the day.  She didn't care for talk shows, so she mostly listened to the stations that did what?
like	I was entertained while watching film, what is my reaction to it?
park	There was a sign telling picnickers not to feed squirrels, where was this sign likely placed?
northern hemisphere	An astronout in space needed to know what side of the planet the English Channel was on, where did he aim his spacecraft?
stupid	If someone doesn't enjoy playing baseball what might they call it?
good feeling	John and James loved making friends.  It gave them what?
drinking	John didn't like celebrating with his friends.  He was awkward because he had a problem. What sort of problem did he have?
sit still	He had been stuck in meetings all day, he had to get up and move as he could no longer what?
natural habitat	Where does a fox go most of the time?
water cooler	He needed to get ice to have a refreshing drink, the what was stuck on only hot mode?
botanical gardens	Where do people view more than one rosebush?
desk drawer	Where would you store glue when it's not in use?
use water	The woman was worried about environmental impact, what did she fret over while attempting to wash clothes?
rumors spread	What might talking to others about false stories lead to?
achromatic	What is the yellow color of the sun an example of?
human being	The spirit ascended to the after life, so what was it leaving?
laboratory	While fun for balloons and parties, a helium tank can also be found in what place of research?
map	What might help someone locate the United States?
city	In what area will excavation for new roads will cause traffic jams?
banned	James is addicted to potatosol.  Potatosol is legal, but he's concerned that it might not be for long.  What might happen to potatosol i the near future?
sporting event	If I am a spectator at a baseball stadium, what am I likely watching?
grocery store	There's always more than one shopping bag full of food after a trip where?
reach for	She explained that you won't always get what you want with a goal, but you should still do what with it?
open eyes	What will you do after you are awake?
broken heart	A person broke up with me, what do I have now?
feeling refreshed	Why is it necessary for someone to be going to bed?
amusement park	Where would you find a parking area near if you're hoping to ride a rollercoaster?
bathe	What would you do to get dirt off of yourself?
human	We all come from different walk of life, but all people are what?
heart attacks	What is one horrible thing exercise can contribute to preventing?
expressive	What does an emotional person tend to be?
dry hair	The wind was warm, what effect did it have on the person facing it?
gulf of mexico	The crab was being netted of the coast of Louisiana, where was he caught?
relax	If you sit back and think about nice memories you will be able to?
know truth	What do facts enable a person to do ?
electric mixer	This will take a long time without an electric motor, where can I find one?
movie theaters	Where could you find ticket office that are all of the same type?
paying bills	What should people do right after getting paid?
motel	Where might we find a place to stay that only has one floor?
cow	The farmer could raise a good chicken, but he wasn't ready to move up to a what?
salad	It wasn't something he had had before, but he found the chicken and grape vinaigrette what to be delicious?
wallet	Where would you find a green bill?
say hello	A friend is greeting me, what would they say?
state park	Where are animals avoided by people?
lobby	Where is a reception desk typically located?
restroom	Where should a human go if they have a full feeling in their bladder?
continent	The Mississippi is a very large river, it is the largest in the North American what?
losing money	If I am not good at playing poker, I will begin what if I play?
cause illness	What do taking illegal drugs do long term?
you're sick	Mom said that Sarah should stay in bed until she was able to go to school again..  What did mom say to Sarah when she tried to get up?
california	Where is a special wild rosebush found?
military base	Where might a runway be trying to escape?
mountain	Where are mine's typically located under?
control panel	What could have a knob but not a display?
office building	Where would you find several businesses in the same location?
get ideas	The writer began to contemplate the purpose of his story that he had lost along the way, soon he began to finally what?
marching band	The trombone is a very animated instrument, it fits in really well on the field as a member of the what?
quiet mind	John listened to music when he needed to focus.  It helped him achieve what?
high grass	Where in a meadow would a snake hide?
pressure	While driving to work she felt the what of the important decisions to be made today?
catch fish	He went to relax and be in nature more than anything, he didn't go fishing just to what?
museum	Where could you find a quite old clavichord?
accelerate	What does an airplane do before takeoff?
hunger	Though it was unhealthy they decided to buy food from the stand, they were travelling and suffering from what?
mountains	What would a rock form in nature above the treeline?
grow corn	What does a farmer wanting to make a maze do?
being brave	If a chicken crossed a busy road you'd say it was stupid or what?
hockey game	What sport do fans often watch people loose teeth?
make friends	What's a good thing for people to do with other people?
go to school	Even though many in his neighborhood dropped out, he still had the ambition to what?
ground	Where does dust usually end up in the corner?
hot room	Where do you need to use a fan?
grocery store	Where do you buy ketchup?
apartment complex	Where is the mailbox that the residents use?
mining operation	The dynamite expert was checking all the fuses, if everything went right it would be a profitable day at the what?
get rid of	What would someone do after attacking me?
white	What color is milk?
meadow	Where do sheep graze?
michigan	Where can a person find the Ann Arbor Expressway?
ask many questions	What do teachers encourage a child to do?
jar	The jelly needed to be preserved, where should we put it?
two arms	what does a human have on their upperbody?
tropical rainforest	The ficus grew vigorously, this is because it got plenty of humidity and weather where?
concentrate	What is required to be good at driving cars?
fairgrounds	If I am working in a ticket booth and a livestock competition is happening nearby, where am I likely to be?
countryside	The roadway  led away from town and towards what?
book store	Where can you likely buy many poems?
new hampshire	He planted an apple tree outside of Concord, what is the state it was planted in?
physical contact	Parents have to sign a waiver to let their kids wrestle, the sport involves constant what?
school room	He was running late for class and forgot his book, but he didn't realize that until he was already in the what?
you'll sleep	He told the wild child that it would eventually run out of steam, and he promised to the child what?
nurse	The baby was thirsty, so it's mother allowed it to do what?
purse	Where can a lady store a writing instrument while away from home?
commercial building	What kind of structure contains your favorite eatery?
theater	Where can one use opera glasses?
airport	Where can you find a bar before traveling a long distance?
building	Sarah was on the 30th floor when the fire started.  That made it difficult for her to escape what?
office	The electric fan had gotten too loud and was bothering others, though they allowed many personal things on desks he was required to turn it off where?
suitcase	Where is a razor likely to be found on vacation?
london	Where might someone find a very nice flat?
twins	Sarah didn't even know that she was fertile. He doctor told her that procreating was impossible for her.  So she was extremely surprised when she learned that she was having what?
florida	The steakhouse was conveniently located near the largest cattle ranch in America, where was it?
boy	A father was trying to teach his daughter to throw a football, she didn't want to and figured her dad wanted a what?
georgia	He went to visit his brother going to a Bulldog school in the south, the humidity was intense but seemed plain and ordinary by now to his brother where?
concert	Where are you if there are large speakers playing music?
floor	On what surface does a bean bag chair sit?
laboratory	They needed a machine to help with their studies, it was used often in the where?
useless	The teacher encouraged note taking because everything was important, but it turned out the information that day was what for the upcoming quiz?
public library	James was a collector of literature.  Where might he have gone to get some?
roadblock	Where would a policeman be most likely to stop a car?
party	Where is conversation likely to get loud?
go away	If you slap a horse's butt while you're on it, it will gallop, If you do so when you're off of it, what will the horse do?
arizona	James was an American horse. He thought his home was too hot.  Where might he have lived?
obstruct justice	What will someone do in court for someone they love?
restroom	The faucet on the wall sprayed water high into the air.  It caught the light from the window and made a rainbow.  It was very annoying and gross to people who came into this what?
pick up	A mail service will often drop packages off, but also do what with them?
south and central america	John knows what environment he can find marmosets in but doesn't know how to find that environment.    What areas of the Americas has the environment he's looking for?
school	Where can a computer user learn geography, math, or history?
rio de janeiro	What town is known for disco?
relaxation	Why would a tense person be found listening to music that is soft?
music shop	Where might a person visit if they need a new trumpet?
armpits	If I am using deodorant, where should i put it?
clerk	Who is likely to check you into a beauty salon?
office desk	There is usually a drawer in what item that is used during your occupation?
north carolina	Where would an apple tree be unlikely to grow due to the presence of uneven land?
dentist	The person was nervously fumbling through the magazines while waiting to be called next, he could hear the whir of machines and instruments in the next room where?
garden	Where are plants happiest in the spring?
closet	Where would someone keep an unused hat?
press charges	What do lawyers tend to do when they are not treated well at a restaurant?
family room	The cat pawed demurely at the couch and walked in front of the TV, where was the cat?
cover up	WHat does a real estate agent do when there is something wrong with the house they are showing?
airport	Where are tires are found on all of the vehicles found where you can travel long distances?
catch cold	What could temporarily prevent you from attending school?
military base	He is at a field hospital, where is he likely to be?
use energy	What does one use to exercise?
photo	What do people take when they see a pretty sky?
finger	Where is bacteria easy to wash off?
become tired	What is the consequence of a long day of doing housework?
downtown area	Where is a large city hall usually located?
consideration	She was found guilty of neglect, the judge taking away the child was a serious what?
department stores	Where do you typically buy leather jackets?
toxicity	The man passed out from drinking alcohol, what did his brain suffer from?
dispute	The two parties could neither confirm nor compromise on anything, they were in a what?
divided	What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a smaller result?
blood	If you break someone's nose while wrestling what will come out of it?
respect	Bill did not revere the holy man but he also didn't disdain him.  Bill had what for the man?
bookstore	She put cozy chairs in all the nooks and crannies, she wanted people to spend time reading and browsing her what?
classroom	If a student is staring at the ceiling while bored, where are they likely to be?
grocery store	Where are prepared mushrooms purchased?
state park	Where might a bear take trash?
trophy room	When John turned on the light he saw a severed gazelle head.  Where was John?
listen to radio	If somebody had a great love of music, they probably do what in the car?
happiness	While chatting with friends for hours, what did the formerly lonely man feel?
living room	Where might a fluffy chair be found?
explosion	When starting a fire near oxygen what can happen?
not living	After killing the animal, what was the animal doing?
dumpster	Where is trash emptied from often?
backward	Billy thought that he was smart, but many of his attitudes didn't were very regressive. How might you describe him?
parking lot	Where do people store cars when running errands?
warehouse	If I had more than one steel pen (e.g. 100,000), where would I store it?
pleistocene	The teacher was explaining the mammoth and the time it lived, he used terms foreign to the students to explain this such as what?
yellow pages	If I wanted to find out the hours that Marmot was open, I might look where?
suburbs	The back courtyard was common feature of every house in the neighborhood, where could they be found?
tennessee	Where do cows beef rank first in the country?
tensions	John is bringing suit against Seth.   This problem has straight there relationship.  What might be increasing between them?
being happy	Getting a gift you wanted for you birthday will cause what state?
headaches	Dan loved playing chess but he just couldn't anymore.  He had been debilitated by what?
clear	James picked glass walls because they let more light into the room. Why did they let light in?
dull	It could have been a beautiful day, but what did the overcast sky do to the color?
captivity	Sam treasured his freedom.  When he became a POW, he tried to escape from what?
gills	What do fish have to aid in oxygen exchange?
added responsibilities	After procreating what can't some people handle that makes them turn to the government?
resort	John rented a hotel room while on a business trip.  It was a a company sponsored event.  Where might it have been?
house	Where would you find an entrance hall that is used by a single family?
plate	The guests were soon to arrive, she carefully arranged the cookies and set them out on a what?
on purpose	Sean made a mistake on the test, but it wasn't an accident.  Why did he do it?
pressing keys	What is required when someone is typing?
person's body	Where are human nerves found?
deep thought	If a human is contemplating something, what are they in a state of?
surf	What do people do in the place that jellyfish live?
bathroom	Where is toothpaste likely to be?
coffee shop	Though the first cup of hot brew was costly you got a free refill, customers really liked the little what?
locker room	Where do people who use a puck for living go at the end of their work day?
post office	Danny sealed the box and wrote the address on it. Then he took it where?
constantly	Jim never stopped talking, at what rate did he talk?
children's story	Where do young people read about weasels?
vinegar	John put  salt on his salad.  Mary suggested that he should spritz what on it, instead?
rock wall	What do lizards climb up?
end of line	Where would people go after they pick some food to buy in a store?
getting dirty	The mom knew she would need to do another wash as she watched her children playing in the rain and what?
amusement park	Where would you get  a map that shows locations that can only be walked to?
marching band	Where would you play a trumpet and have to walk the entire time?
slurred speech	After getting drunk people couldn't understand him, it was because of his what?
smiling	How can jumping rope effect above your shoulders?
frightening	What do people feel when they see large guard dogs?
fear	Dreaming scary things is likely to lead to waking up with a sense of this?
controversy	What is a negative effect of creating art?
community chest	The game had all sorts of spaces, like chance and what?
ugliness	When someone doesn't have beauty they have?
string quartet	What would use a classical stringed instrument?
shut up	If I want to listen to the movie what do I need to do?
excitement	How did the mother feel about going somewhere and getting a whole new house to decorate?
main street	Where in town could you find most banks?
turn around	If you yell when a person starts to go in another direction, what are they likely to do?
recording studio	The mixer felt like he was a NASA engineer in the control room every time he worked with a band at his what?
knee injury	What could happen if someone isn't playing basketball carefully?
library of congress	What building in Washington D.C. has the most books?
exhaustion	Doing housework is hard, what can that lead to?
ability to fly	What do most birds have the ability to do?
lies	If a lawyer had to explain committing perjury, they might explain it as simply telling what?
no longer exist	An atheist was asked what happens after dying, what was his response?
getting old	What happens after an extended amount of living for a person?
go to school	The child dreaded fall and having to what?
rural area	A cow farm has quite the smell, that's why they tend to be located in a remote what?
making music	what does someone start playing guitar to do?
body part	What is a hand?
make haste	If there is something you have to accomplish in a short amount of time, how could you be successful?
flirt	What is the first thing two people do when they feel an attraction to each other?
outsides	She was the youngest and always got stuck in the middle seat, she never got the what of a bench seat?
red lobster	Where can you buy crab, shrimp, and fish dinner across the U.S.?
ruling	What is the likely end of bringing suit?
ground level	Where are you unlikely to see clouds?
america	The freeway had signs in miles instead of kilometers, where was it located?
getting tired	Friday wasn't in the mood to be answering questions.  After a ten hour interrogation he was what?
music store	Joe lost his left cymbal. He needs it before practice.  Where would he go to get a new one?
verdict	James didn't like bringing his suit to court.   He didn't wear it when he heard what?
doctor's office	Where do you get a needle for a routine checkup?
forrest	The bald eagle made a nest in a tree surrounded by others, it made it's home in a vast what?
stems	What part of the apple is typically left behind after eating?
greet	I just met someone, why would they say hello?
supermarket	Where can you buy eggs along side many other types of food?
word sentence	The person was quite sure how to express his thought with proper language, he didn't know how to what?
even	What is the opposite of an odd number?
woods	the dog brought a stick back to the house, the man could tell it came from a small area nearby, where was it likely from?
library	Where is one likely to find an old newspaper?
rest area	Where can travellers pull off the road to stretch their legs?
used car lot	Where does a person who is a weasel tend to be employed?
gain knowledge	What is generally a person's main goal when they spend time learning about a subject?
wall	What is usually next to a door?
boat	What might a fish avoid for safety?
commercial area	Joe wanted to own a neighborhood barbershop but he had trouble with city zoning laws.  What might the city have required of his shop that was a problem?
upstream	He left camp following the river down below, his partnered remained where?
commit crime	What would someone be doing if he or she is killing?
art show	Where could you go to spend money?
business plan	The executives talked strategy walking through the lobby, what were they likely discussing?
plate	Where is the last place food is before being eaten?
lobby	You would expect to find the reception desk in what part of a business?
praising	He was very critical of the execution of his team while doing what with the opponents?
jazz club	Where does a lounge lizard likes to hang out?
grow food	We all need to have food to live but what is the cheapest way to get it?
doubt	If you do not believe in something because you question it you have what?
attend school	Bill has a desire to learn, but doesn't personally know any teacher, where should he go?
car	Where is a mobile heat source?
grocery store	Where would you go if you wanted to buy an apple and some ice cream?
going somewhere	If they weren't sightseeing, why were they diving through the cave?
texas	Sarah went to a genuine Western streak house.  Where might she have been?
louisiana	Where would one find a snake in a swamp?
cafe	James sat down and looked at the menu, then he placed an order.  Where might he be?
brown	Some horses are white others are black, but many are this color which might lead some people to think their milk would taste like chocolate?
texas	If my heifer has a certain attitude, what state might she be from?
wide	The area between oceans and continents is very?
communication	The therapist said they needed to work on what, and that just talking to one another is the first step?
stomach	Where does food get digested?
market	Where are you likely to find the freshest tomatoes?
get tired	After standing in line all day what is likely to happen?
save money	james wanted to fight inflation because he didn't like losing value when he did what?
storybook	The fox saw itself on a piece of paper wearing silly clothes, what was the fox looking at?
improve yourself	He felt pride when he looked at his new mile time, what did he do?
kitchen	Nate washed  his personal silverware and put it in a  drawer.   Where might that drawer be?
student union	The bookshop specializes in course texts, where is it located?
laboratory	Where would you likely find a laser in a university?
dissatisfaction	Having to fight inflation brings a lot of this sentiment to the public?
make music	What can you do if you're fiddling on violin?
nostalgia	An evening of remembering often leads to what?
booze	If you are getting drunk you will need to drink what?
house	James installed his new curtains to keep the light from shinning on his television.  Where is James probably hanging his curtains?
change quickly	The weather was nice, but Sean didn't count on that. He knew it could do what?
food store	If you do not have a bean, where would you go to get one?
physical exertion	What type of exertion do you utilize when hiking?
fire	They decided to employ prisoners to dig lines to help fight the what?
warehouse	The company wanted to hire someone with special needs, their job was to collect the cardboard in the what?
gain experience	A student takes an unpaid membership, why on Earth would he do that?
smiles	If you like learning about science, you are all?
fruit basket	What might I use if I want to give a grape as a gift?
antique shop	Where would you find an expensive lantern?
distinguish	The man and the woman likened their experience to police brutality.  But, really, they were just unable to do what regarding reality and lies?
take medicine	What would a sick person do to recover?
drawer	John was was looking for a shirt, so he pulled open this.  What did John pull open?
banking	The automaton wanted to save money like normal humans, what did it need to learn about?
gratification	James's first priority was finding information.  He wanted to know for his own what?
computer store	Where can a mouse be found in a box?
fiddle	What could you use to play music?
everything	Sometimes it seems like government wants to control anything and what?
good health	What is typical of a person with blemish free, flowing skin?
frame	Needlepoint requires many accessories, what holds the work taut?
street	What does a policeman patrol?
guest room	They were having friends stay at their home, they apologized for only having a sofa bed in the what?
morning	Sarah couldn't make the afternoon meeting and had to reschedule. She promised to .skip dinner and go to sleep earlier that night so that she could make it.  When might the meeting have been rescheduled to?
carved	How can the shape of wood be changed?
shop	From where would you take a magazine home after paying?
straightforward	It was a ridiculous answer to a simple question.   The professor expected something loss convoluted and more what?
sense of wonder	What might learning about science cause in someone?
eating fish	Cats are looking longingly at an aquarium, what are they looking to do?
cemetary	Where would someone visit a monument to a deceased loved one?
airport	Where would you find people sleeping in a chair waiting for a vehicle to arrive?
people dying	What can be the end result of waging war?
stand still	What is the one thing you cannot do if you're on the move?
state facts	While some people prefer to lie, others do prefer to bluntly what?
music store	Where would I go to see the most brands of oboe?
cuba	Where could you find a blowfish in a zoo?
backpack	Where would you put a sealed drink if you want to bring it with you?
make trouble	What have you done if something you do makes life harder for someone?
surprise us	Despite reports of bad weather, the wedding day was gorgeous, what did the weather do?
pennsylvania	What place in the US has a lot of mines?
fun	Children can become obsessed.  Charlie focused on reproducing what made him feel good.  He wanted to squeeze all the what out of every experience.
department store	Billy shoplifted a cheap watch.  Where might he have grabbed it from?
university	Where can I ride my bicycle in order to take graduate classes?
drug store	Where do you get a contraceptive device?
hockey game	The idiots in the front row would not stop banging on the glass, there's always at least one of them at a what?
death	He promised he would fight enemy over the transgression, even if it was to the what?
market	Where can customers shop outside?
shock	What would you experience after awaking from a nightmare?
park	Where can you find  a pretty flower in the ground?
will laugh	They are chatting with friends about old memories, it won't be long before somebody what?
livingroom	The comforter was a favorite for cuddling in front of the TV, where did the family put it?
go fishing	What do you have to do in a boat to bring home fish?
bank	What would use an account book?
classroom	The poet was being discussed amoung teenagers using Socratic dialogue, where was this happening?
civilization	Government, planned cities, workers, institutions, technology and record keeping are characteristics of what among human populations?
television program	What does Discovery have a number of, starring a shark?
band	Where can one find a singing human?
falling down	What did I do that has made me on the ground?
imprisonment	What is likely to happen to a person in Washington State found guilty of stabbing someone to death?
day dream	John loved to pretend.  He would waste many hours doing what?
mountains	The tourist was probably most happy to capture pictures of snow on what?
problems	What often happens to the remembering of people who are stressed?
countryside	The bald eagle avoided big cities, what kinds of place did he prefer to be?
sea	Lilly loved peace and quiet, but she couldn't find any where she lived.  She took drastic measures and went somewhere for solitude. Where did she go?
enough	It wasn't for a lack of effort they didn't finish the job, they just didn't have what supplies?
trash	James crushed his paper coffee cup and then left it in its proper place.  Where might he have left it?
pee	They teased him relentlessly for being a girl, this all started when he was caught in the locker room bathroom sitting down to do what?
earth	Minerals can be found on what third rock from the sun?
opera	Where are people likely to sing?
broken bones	He was scared of skiing after the accident, what did he want to avoid in general?
evil	What is waging war often considered to be?
geography	The science major was planning on digging in the earth one day, his favorite class was what?
dog's mouth	The human wanted to give a bone as a reward, where did he put it?
big	What is the opposite of little?
shelf	Jane read all of the related literature before she went into the room to speak with the others. Where did she keep her literature?
happiness	Everyone wants all sorts of different things in life, but the one common thing they all bring is a little bit of what?
negligible	While the statistician thought the anomaly was important, what did the contrarian demographer think?
separate things	If a person wants to sort a pile of stuff, they must start by what?
plate	I have some food that I want to eat right now, where would I put it?
own objects	When people have money wand want things, what do they tend to do?
burger king	The hamburgers were flame-broiled so where were they served?
get married	How would you start living life with someone else?
pain	I decided that I was going public with my amazing new medication. It has the power to relieve symptoms. So it can take away all of your what?
public building	There are laws concerning safety, therefore a fire extinguisher must be kept in every what?
lose weight	The doctor told the man to eat vegetables, he promised it would help him what?
unconventional	Name an adjective that can mean the opposite of normal.
hardware store	The knob of the kitchen drawer wouldn't stay tightened, so he went to buy a new screw where?
have experiences	The living do many things that the dead do not, but one is most important.  What do the living do that the dead do not?
army	James wasn't much of a leader, because he had nothing to lead.  And a leader without something to lead, no matter how skilled, is useless.  What did James need?
cold	A virus causes the flu and the common what?
south africa	Some monkeys originated in this place that has borders and many people.
pool table	Where would you hit a ball with a stick into other balls?
jigsaw puzzle	What do you fit a piece with another piece?
headaches	Studying too intensely can cause what problem?
school children	Who does the teacher speak with most during the week?
purse	Where would you put a writing instrument if you are a woman and want to bring it with you?
cup water	Bill noticed that his hands could do many things.  He was thirsty, so he used his hands to do what?
salt	The pioneer went to the general store for food preservation supplies, what was he looking for?
concordance	What has happened if you agree with someone?
isolation	The person was there to study the apes, she would have to live out the in what for months?
wait in line	James is a customer at a restaurant.  The restaurant is very busy and James is frustrated.  What might he be doing?
transportation	He was serious and pragmatic, so why did he drive his car?
connecticut	He took a toll road and ended up in a state he couldn't spell, it was probably which one?
every aspect of life	What is the goal for a student to improve in?
disgust	If you see a horrible sight at an area of elevation what may you feel?
kitchen	Where is the best place to make food?
box	Where can someone store extra sheets of paper?
pleasure	She had trouble remembering her happy wedding day, but when she did, what did she experience?
great relief	What did Van Gogh feel when he found his long lost painting?
water garden	The person saw the tomatoes were dying, what did he do next?
neighbor's house	He chuckled as he knocked on the door, here he was actually needing to borrow a cup of sugar from where?
clothing store	Where can a human find body coverings?
hang out	What would one like to do with friends when there is no agenda?
love another	Even if two people don't experience attraction when they meet, over time they can grow to do what?
music	What is usually a beautiful sound?
kill	What can you see when you use television but is not needed to use television?
stage fright	If the though of performing makes you anxious what do you suffer from?
blood bank	Who collects many a drop of blood?
classroom	Where would you find a dictionary near young people getting lessons?
kindness	Susan was a mean person. But even so, she could show what?
hotel room	Where could you find a bed that has been used by many people?
plane	James lost hs return ticket during his vacation.  He was very frustrated and couldn't get a replacement.  Because of this, he missed what?
heavy	If something's weight isn't light, what is it?
hardware store	Where can you buy an electric fan?
furniture store	Where can you get a night table to take home?
table	You can put what next to a side chair to make a nice place to read and drink coffee?
schools	Where would you use a changing room before gym?
laughing	Marcy couldn't cry.  She didn't want her parents to know that she was sad.  She hid her sobs by doing what?
sierra nevada mountains	Joe was in California for vacation and saw a marmot  What specific place might he be?
countryside	If I lived in a small village outside a city, which general geographic area would this be?
church	Where do you go to see a religious statue?
restaurant	Where would you find many tables of silverware rolled into nice displayed napkins?
mall	Where did you try many escalators?
bathed	My cat really dislikes many things, what does he dislike the most?
building	A post office is always located in what kind of structure?
airport	Where do you bring your flight bag?
do arithmetic	Ones and zeroes are how computers do everything, you could say they simply what?
take notes	While attending a lecture what should be done in the auditorium?
moving fast	He was running from the assailant, what is his purpose for running?
freedom of information	The person was frustrated when she couldn't find what she was looking for online, what did she desire?
being still	The high teenager was having trouble grasping that the world was always in motion even if he laid there what?
admire	Despite his disdain for the man's action the bravery he showed was what worthy?
out of doors	Where are all ferret found before they are captured?
legs	Sitting down was a wobbly affair, it seem all four what were uneven?
using soap	What is necessary for bathing?
state park	Where are trees likely to be protected?
whisper	He had to try to make the call in the middle of the night, it was hard to communicate using only a what?
american dream	If a person strives for happier circumstances in what is it called?
anger	What mood sets in when someone is going to work with a boss they dislike?
person	who uses a contraceptive device?
countryside	Bobby was looking to be farmland because he wanted to get away from the city. He didn't care where, just so long as it was in what?
container	The liquid needed a place to be stored and not consumed easily, where did it need to go?
randomness	Why would someone bring suit against a total stranger?
inspires	Sam loves to create art.   Looking at other peoples work does what to him?
home	Where can you let a puppy sleep after it's been housebroken?
school year	There is often a final exam at the end of each quarter of what?
excitement	What is someone beginning work they really want to do likely to feel?
pollution	What does a driving car cause?
rest area	The man looked longingly at the seats after hours on the road, where was he?
bedroom	When a person gets dressed, where can they often check a mirror to see how their outfiit looks?
canada	The gardener was famous for his rosebush, the roses were used all over America and up north where?
read text	The person was looking for the bus arrival time, what did he do with the station schedule?
arm themselves	What will criminals do before robbing a bank?
coming home	What destination is a sailor typically most excited for?
have fun	What could you do while you are listening to music?
oven	The turkey needed to be cooked, what can be used for this situation?
america	This country spans the entire breadth of the landmass.  What is it called?
persuaded	When talking to someone and gaining their trust they will do what they want because of you have done what?
diss	The rapper had great respect for the track, this was despite it being a what directed at him?
oil engine	If someone is a mechanic, what are likely issues they will be asked to fix?
wedding	Two friend decided to spend their lives together in matrimony, so what did they arrange?
boredom	What do children feel when going to the opera?
heart attacks	Too much jogging for elderly people can lead to what?
fear	John doesn't like seeing new movies. He thinks that they're bad, and excessive.   What emotion might he experience where he sees one.
refrigerator	Where would you not be likely to find ice?
shirt pocket	Where would you put sunglasses if you do not have anything to put them in that can be carried with you?
fight each other	Animals can be very primal, sometimes to prove themselves they what?
water cooler	Where would you find a trash can nearby liquid in a workplace?
feeling of accomplishment	Creating art fulfilled me, what else did it give me therefor?
television	Where do you watch rubbish?
selfless	Someone who is selfish wouldn't share a sandwich with their hungry friend, someone who is what might though?
take care of proposals	The boss gave him the money to appease the clients, he had to what?
sweating	What caused my shirt to get soaked after going jogging?
arctic	What would you need to have insulation to go to?
whitehouse	The location was famous for it's color, but the tourist was interested in the column of the what?
wear hats	What do people do in the cold?
lose money	The business did not make profit.  What did it do?
arm	The humorous is a bone found where?
school	Where would you bring a tote bag with papers in it?
school	Where is a supply closet likely to be located?
french door	He finished installing a swinging hinge on both parts, she had always wanted a fancy what?
causing pain	What is someone doing to the other party when hurting someone else?
perspiration	What can occur in fencing when it is really hot?
might understand	if you cogitate on something for a long time, you can get this feeling?
ecosphere	John spent his days planting ficus trees.  He did so because trees were an important part of what?
england	The row houses featured nearby red phone booths, where were they located?
michigan	Where is known to have many a lake?
warehouse	James needed storage for 500 tons o beans in crates.  What sort of facility might he use?
movies	Where are the seats frequently covered in popcorn and soda?
get going	When you first wake up and head to work what do you have to do?
jungle	what habitat do marmots live in?
war	Terrorism is a nasty thing, though cause by a few it can lead to all out what?
case	It was a very expensive wristwatch, when he wasn't wearing it he kept it displayed in it's what?
asia minor	The main part of turkey makes up what?
warmth	What might someone be starting a fire to achieve?
deflation	How do central banks go about fighting inflation?
stop breathing	If something is going to die what is likely to happen first?
animal	Samantha was a person, but she wasn't comfortable with others.  She'd rather spend her time with what?
office	A man needs to finish some paperwork, where does he go?
great britain	What kingdom is frequently associated with pubs?
pennsylvania	Which state has blue ridge mountains that are called Blue Mountain?
state park	Where would people go if they want to go fishing?
monarchy	A king or queen is a member of what class?
absolution	The sinner was hoping the deity was forgiving, ultimately what did he seek?
indoor plumbing	What does a person who does not have an outhouse have?
sigh	What kind of breathing makes noise but does not indicate that you are sick?
skill	Most people loved competing, it's a way to show of their what?
amazement	What happens to kids when visiting museums of old dinosaur bones?
shop	The salesperson was like a shark pacing around for his prey, and the what was his sea?
suit	What could a gentleman be wearing?
garage	You often keep tools in a box in your?
oklahoma	Arkansas university plays in the southeastern confernce, the sooners of where play in the big twelve?
meditate	After the yoga class everybody was instructed to sit quietly and do what?
show emotion	The person kept a straight face, what was he avoiding?
montana	The ranch house is common in what northwestern Rocky Mountains state
exchanging information	Their boss informed them they can't just be chatting with friends on the clock, it was okay if they were doing what though?
go to sleep	The student pulled an all-nighter before attending lecture, what did he do upon arriving?
string quartet	In what would you hear a viola along with three other instruments?
hardware store	Where is a good place to obtain a ladder?
public place	Where are  people likely to push a religious tract?
dining room	Where are you likely to find a sideboard filled with serving dishes?
failure	Studying for taking final exams can be nerve wracking, especially if you're afraid of what?
mexico	Where could I go to a steakhouse with an ocean view?
stop talking	What do parents tell their kids to stop doing when they want them to go to sleep?
attack	What will the guard protect us from?
grocery store	Where would I buy beer if I ran out?
earn money	When a retired person returns to work they likely need to do what?
better grade	What does answering questions correctly lead to?
live many years	Indoor cats versus outdoor tend to what longer?
rapport	The couple was enjoying regularly copulating, but if you ever met them you'd think they hardly knew each other based on their what?
bar	If you're getting drunk while in public you are likely where?
bathing suit	A grain of sand might cause you discomfort if it get into your what?
heavens	In ancient times they tried to chart each star, they spent a lot of time staring into the what?
new york	The hit a toll road or two on their way to the big apple, it was their first time where?
black market	John can't find any legal alternatives to what he's looking for.  It's very illegal, exacerbated by the fact that he's too young to travel out of the country to get it.  Where will he have to get it from?
ask for help	Why may a person with troubles do when praying?
freezer	What kind of cold storage would you use if you just bought some food?
say thank	What should someone do after someone is done helping them?
desk drawer	What would you open to find a bottle of glue?
garden shed	If the vegetable plants needed watering, you might want to get the hose out of the what?
run amok	If a crowd of people being to panic, what might they do?
die	What happens to the victim of someone committing a murder?
use soap	The man washed clothes, but needed more than water, what did he need?
plate	The potatoes were to be served, what is the best vessel to serve them in?
new knowledge	Sean liked analyzing information.  He felt that he helped him learn what?
demonstration	What type of presentation might be set up on a table?
admire	Sam came to despise his sister.  On the other hand, she felt what for him?
school	They desperately needed new sports equipment, the students had a bake sale for the what?
trip	If you fall when going for run you most likely did what?
realization	What does reading letters produce when one is unaware of a condition?
board ship	What might a person heading overseas do?
increasing knowledge	He was a trivia hound and loved being able to answer anything, he loved studying to do what?
universal	People from all countries enjoyed the music, what was the music like?
reduce	John tried to gain money, but all of his attempts to improve himself only did what to his income?
southern california	What state would have many Mexican restaurants?
rest area	What is a place that usually does not have any pillow?
disaster	A natural starting fire from lighting raged on for the second week, the governor declared it the biggest what he had seen?
london	The tourists sought out red telephone boxes, where do they look?
refrigerator	The gel container said to keep it cool, where should you put it?
roast	James used the oven  to cook the meat.  How might it cook the meat?
having friends	What is required for someone to be chatting with friends?
graduate from high school	What does a person do before going into tertiary education?
drink beer	What would an adult do at a party?
see other people	One of the things that you can count on when going to the market on a weekend is?
careful	They were ready to buy house for the first time, they wanted to be what and make sure they knew what they were doing?
restaurant	Where can I go to eat and be treated like a gentleman?
utah	Where would you find a lizard in the wild?
headaches	What can happen if you attempt too much learning?
sky	If you lay on the floor of you outdoor deck and gaze up you'd be looking at what?
comfort	Sitting down in a cushy chair will lead to what?
foundation	Houses require a study what to be built on?
basement	The master control for ones electricity is usually where?
kill	The laughable senator tried to blame video games and use television, but those things don't make somebody what?
fridge	The frozen food is starting to melt, where would I put it?
garage	Where do people typically store a drill?
competitiveness	What would happen if you want to win a game?
asia	What eastern continent would you travel to in order to see a gazelle in their disneyland's zoo?
great outdoors	Where does a cow live?
acting out	The child was spiteful of his parents, what did he do?
relief	Going in an air conditioned room to cool off is a good way to get what from hot weather?
open plain	If you wanted to see a gazelle in the wild, which land mass feature would you be looking for?
pain	What could happen after discovering truth that you did not want to know?
school	The audience watched the principal speaking, where were they seated?
two legs	The bird flew around and around, finally it landed on a branch with its what?
state park	When enjoying flowers in a recreation area run by local government, where are you?
winter	When will this summer end?
stapler	I wish to attach two pieces of paper without using glue, what should I use?
pregnancy	What are women expecting to begin procreating?
close box	What would a parent do after baking some cookies?
continent	Australia is a country and also a what?
terrible	How might others describe someone who goes around killing people?
trip over	The runner lost the race because he had bad shoelaces.  What might his shoelaces have caused him to do?
concert hall	Where would a violinist stand on a platform?
large city	Where are you likely to find an art gallery?
take time	Something you do requires effort and what else?
home depot	The next step in the remodel was new flooring, so they head out to shop where?
attic	Billy is stumbling about because he has little light.  There's a rolled up map of stars in the corner.  The floor creaks with every step.  His flashlight is fading.  Where might she be?
sunshine	What can help a lemur to see?
living	People have to eat and drink, breathing is also a key factor in what?
distraught	He cried when seeing the bill, what did he feel?
home or office	If someone is looking for new carpeting where can they put it?
underbrush	Where might a snake slither out of?
large city	Lance loved playing simulations on his computer.  He spent his time building an entire what?
lower expectations	If people are disappointed by something they aren't entitled to, what must they do?
sky	The curious child had many balloons, he released one to see what would happen and watch as in floated into the what?
store	Where do most people get carrots?
encyclopedia	The curious child wanted to know more about the lizard, so he opened up volume L of the what?
repair shop	Johnny had a number of tools, including a hammer, which is needed because of his work.  Where might he have worked?
feel remorse	Soldiers who have been killing people during what experience what when they return home?
castle	If you found yourself explaining what a rook was named a rook, it might be because a child is calling it a what?
jar	The old lady was peculiar, she kept her medicine hidden below the cookies in the what?
court room	Where would you find some people who are drinking a glass of water?
synagogue	What kind of building has many a book written in Hebrew?
informal	The business meeting was more casual and not standard protocol, what was it like?
vomiting	Drinking alcohol to excess can cause you to begin doing what?
being slapped	If you're very rude while expressing yourself what is likely to happen?
happiness	The girl who was often ignored had a boy flirting with her, what did she feel?
apartment	Because it was only two bedroom, one of the three roommates slept on the couch in the where?
increased knowledge	What does the policeman gain from discovering the truth in a crime?
hollow log	The weasel wanted a home, where did it happen to find one?
solution to problem	Billy held the key information that Lorna needed.  Without that, Lorna couldn't find what?
democracy	What kind of country has a government?
farm land	What is a good thing for farmers to have to start off?
keep secrets	Best friends are often good at?
michigan	There was a big convention going on and all the hotel rooms were booked.  There weren't any available in the entire state of what?
orchestra	Where can a person be paid to play a triangle?
bloody mess	He used a blunt instrument to do the killing, there was no way to clean up the what?
aged	When you haven't seen someone since they were young and years have passed what has happened to them?
exaggerate	What does a real estate agent typically do when describing homes?
roadsides	Litter collects where when it's thrown out of a car?
floor	Where should a cat be in a house?
injuries	After running for 100 miles, he couldn't any more, what is he suffering?
cast shadow	What happens to a building around half of the time every day?
fall asleep	What could happen after sitting down for a long period of time?
friendly	What would you be if you comfort friend?
more responsibility	What negative consequence is expect when gaining more land?
cabinet	Where would you store a stack of paper when not immediately needed?
transit	The sloth was quite the sight, it moved quite slow while in what from one vine to another?
bicycle	What device popular with children has two wheels?
kew gardens	Where would a snake find a great hiding place in the United Kingdom?
bowling alley	Joe went to a place with a mix of carpet and hardwood floors in order to have a good time with his friends.  Where might he have gone?.
cage	Where is it safer to keep marmot?
michigan	Which state are you in if you're at a tennis court in a mitten-shaped state?
space shuttle	Where are very high tech computers found?
supermarket	Where can someone spend money?
shock	They decided that they were going public with the big announcment. The announcement was completely unexpected and confusing. It brought the nation to a what?
recession	What could fighting inflation help to prevent?
backpack	Where does she keep her notebook with her when not in use?
hear testimony	What do you do in court to alleviate curiosity?
arrive late	Trains tend to come on time, airplanes on the other hand tend to what?
sitting down	What is it necessary to do before beginning work on a computer?
amount to nothing	Some people add up to something, but others put in no effort in their lives ending with what result?
medical building	Where are you if there is a dental office along with other similar provider?
house	Where is a personal washing machine likely to be found?
soccer game	Where are people likely to kick a ball?
ground	Where would you put the end of a steel cable if you want to use it as a lightningrod?
jealousy	Socialising with the in crowd was tiring, she found herself always suffering what when seeing what everybody had that she didn't?
calculus	When one is calculating attributes, what is the likely skillset being used?
being imprisoned	What is the legal consequence of killing likely to be?
feeling satisfied	How does having a light, healthy lunch affect you?
prince edward island	The Canadian farmer wondered if potatoes would grow where he lived, where was his likely location?
art show	Where would you see a picture created by a professional?
can	Bob found a bunch of ball bearings behind a wall when he was renovating.  He didn't want them to scatter around, so he picked them up in put them in a what?
stress	If a person uses a computer at night to surf the internet, what feeling might they try to alleviate?
talk about themselves	That person next to me is always on her cell phone.
scheme	The police busted down his door, he realized only then he was just the pawn in his partner's grander what?
go outside	They made rules to bar any smoking in the building, if you wanted to do it you had to what?
easy life	What does a person who is lazy want?
michigan	With all the Great Lakes nearby he bought a boat, but it needed storage during the harsh winters where?
vertigo	If you feel like everything is spinning while climbing you are experiencing what?
guilt	What does someone committing perjury likely to have?
downtown area	What area are theaters typically located?
public office	What generally elected position might be prone to be labelled a weasel?
drive train	What is an adult engineer likely to do?
become depressed	When the person realized his dog ran away, how did he feel?
enthusiastic	The man felt that his prospects with very dismal, in spite of help, but at the same time, he was very what?
swing door	The craftsman used elaborate joinery and paneling for the what of the saloon?
managed	She suffered from mental illness her whole life, but despite that she still what?
texas	Sarah couldn't stand living without an air conditioner.  It was summer and she was in what?
feel close to	Why do people spend time chatting with friends?
stockmarket	If someone was determined to curb their inability to save for retirement, they might want to look into the what?
football game	The referee blew his whistle and recited a rule after a play, when did he do this?
logic	What do people employ for finding information?
market	Where would you buy magazines after looking for vegetables?
hallucination	What can happen after someone is going into a trance?
slow down	What must a train do before reaching the station?
feeling tired	He actually felt refreshed after switching to getting up early, sleeping in had been leaving him what all day?
having friends	The boy is good at making friends, what happens as an immediate and obvious result?
drive train	An adult called an engineer does what while on the job?
pocket	Where is a good place to keep personal money?
college campus	Where is a common gathering place for adults often the football field?
imagining	The child was pretending he was in space, regular items were parts of his spaceship thanks to his what?
thinking	Is has been speculated that a aliens could be communicating by doing this?
faithful	They say dogs are a man's best friend, this is because of dog's pack mentality and being what?
voice	When someone is talking you can hear their?
car wheel	The cleanup crew would always find a hub or two during highway clean up, they always came off of a what?
box	The delivery man knocked on the door, it was a new computer being delivered and the recipient could not wait to open the what?
in charge	The servant was asked where to put the flowers, what was his status at the wedding?
movie theatre	It's rude to make loud noise and commentary while watching something where?
living room	where do families likely watch television?
make progress	If something you do moves you toward a predetermined goal what have you done?
roof	Where is too much snow likely to cause damage?
feathers	What do birds have that can fall off?
plastic bag	Where would you put bread immediately after buying it?
hospital	Where will you wait in a reception area when you're suffering?
post office	Where would you stand in a line and not need a coat if it is cold outside?
do well	If student work hard, how would they be expected to perform?
state park	Billy lived alone by a lake.  He was told he had to move because people weren't allowed to live where?
dry out	Jon put drops in his eyes so that they wouldn't do what?
meet friend	He had been away from his hometown for years, upon returning he said he would love to what?
compost pile	WHere do people rake a leaf into?
company	James is a mid-ranking officer.  He leads a group known as a what?
furniture store	Where can you get a brand new book shelf?
homeschool	What would a parent do if their child never goes outside or sees other people?
highway	Where do you change lanes while in a car?
home team	Mario was away for the first time.  He was excited when he met the what?
seeing artifacts	What always happens when visiting museum?
refineries	Where is gasoline made?
spain	Where can you find millions of apple tree?
high school	I needed new clothes before starting high school, what did I need to do?
state facts	What is a teacher required to do for her students?
play chess	What's a good game activity for two children to do together?
pass course	The rich kid thought he could offer the professor money, and in turn the professor would let him what?
orchestra	Where would I go to see a musician playing a snare drum in a theater?
western	What is a person that is not from the east?
rock band	Sarah was very good with a brass drum.  Her friend Jane was performing at a concert and asked Sarah to join her.  What did Jane ask Sarah to join?
freedom from want	What is a person who has become a minimalist hope to achieve?
deception	If a person isn't being honest they are practicing what?
sea	The sunshine was quickly burning up the crew, it seemed to not only beat down from about but also from below by reflecting off the what?
ask	There was no email reply, so what was the purpose of the follow up email?
refrigerator	Where can I find a bowl of whipped cream?
complemented	What makes a person feel good?
disorientation	When people are drinking alcohol, what state are they in?
building	Where will any tearoom be?
grocery store	What is a place that sells food but does not usually sell suntan lotion?
pedaling	Jane want to learn about riding a bike, what is a skill she needs to master in order to do so?
vote	The special interest group spent millions convincing young people they were changing society, but really they were just keeping people in two party lines and were just after their what?
reproduction	If you were to make a new copy an original sculpture what have you made?
michigan	The bee had to be shipped down south to avoid the cold winter, where was it originally from?
summer	When does an apple tree have apples that are not yet ready to eat?
like dancing	Why do almost all people that take dance classes do it?
turn away	As a human who valued privacy he asked that everybody do what so he could act without eyes upon him?
america	You can find a fast food restaurant in every town in what country?
purchase	What do you have to do to get something from a store?
hockey game	Where event might one obtain an injury via a skate?
getting high	Some celebrities find going public useful after being caught at what?
glee	What do people who are having fun in a big way experience?
music room	Where would a teacher store their upright piano?
cabinet	The sloppy dad saw the random stuff in the kitchen, and didn't know where to put it, where did he decide to place it?
increase	The temperature was inadequate for cooking turkey, what did it need to do?
commit crime	What leads a company to get in trouble?
theatre	Sally was watching from near the orchestra pit as the players came on stage.  What sort of building is she in?
refrigerator	Where is a shelf likely to be made of wire?
drawer	Where do most people keep utensils?
inside joke	Why did only the close friends laugh about the fox?
attempt to escape	what can get a prisoner in more trouble?
grow tall	Densely packed trees in a forest do what in order to reach sunlight?
american southwest	Old cowboy and indians movies always have a horse, they also usually take place in what region?
town	A sporting goods store is usually found in shopping squares and malls, but the privately owned shop was just right there in the small what?
tension	Sarah knew she was committing perjury, so there was a lot of what feeling between her and the prosecutor?
military base	Jamie wen to the theater near his home.  He was surrounded by servicemen.  Where might he be?
join	If some was to abandon a pet at the shelter then it would potentially be able to find a new family to what?
make money	While seeing idea become reality was rewarding, she was really after the bottom line and want to what?
strength	The man was a great motivational speaker, he explained how his disability was actually his greatest what?
moving	When you're driving you're what from place to place?
left right	Broom stood in the middle of the room.  There were two doors on opposite sides of him, but he couldn't see them.  Where were they?
laundromat	I needed my jeans washed when my electricity was cut off, where did I go?
uncommon	The results were wildly erratic towards either end of the spectrum, it was actually quite what to actually get the average result?
exposure	James had trouble learning the French language because he never had any what to it?
boredom	What would answering questions cause if the questions are not interesting?
home	The living room is a common area for the family, it really makes it feel like a what?
propeller	Lara checked out the loose hub.   He she didn't tighten it, the what might come loose and then hundred of people would die?
department store	Where can a person buy clothing and appliances?
practice	How would a child learn to gain the skill of riding a bike without training wheels?
fail to work	Why would someone not like machines?
live life	Betty felt that being in love was vital and important, necessary to do what?
live life	Love leads people to fully do what?
marching band	He wanted to play an alto sax to be clearly heard over the other ruckus, what was he a member of?
attempt suicide	How might an unhappy person try to end their suffering?
consumption of alcohol	What do you need to do when you are getting drunk?
raise interest rates	He was tuning out the business show in the background, they were yammering about how to fight inflation with a certain percentage to what?
follow orders	If a soldier is directed by someone with a higher status what do they have to do?
swimming	Why would you be bringing suit that is for outside use?
almost anywhere	Any place sounded good besides McDonalds, he was hungry enough to go where?
train station	Where might someone leave their baggage on a platform?
purse	Where would a woman store a train ticket on her person?
pleasure	Lilly was getting warm and John's hands ran down her hips and rubbed her butt.  She wasn't quite there yet, but she was beginning to experience what?
go swimming	The kids wanted to cool off so they all went to what?
desktop	Where do people have screen savers of sunshine?
frown	John couldn't smile. He wasn't sad,  he didn't have the muscles for it anymore.   But he made the kids happy by standing on his head when he did what?
public building	The central passage was a big arched hallway, you could pay your bills or register to vote at this what?
desktop	Where would you put a telephone after you bought it?
calm	When you have a lot of anger and someone talks you down you're much more what?
erections	Males can sometimes have explicit fantasies while sleeping, this can lead to what stiff situations?
demonstration	The speaker did what with the new product for the others?
wrong	If you're very religious and end up stopping being married to your spouse, what may you think of your decision?
most families	Billy lived with his uncle.  This was an unusual arrangement. Name something that is different from this arrangement.
wet suit	What does a human wear when surfing?
debt	She often spent money she didn't have buying products, this lead to what?
bearing	What contains a ball to help it work efficiently?
waterfall	The moss was slippery because of constant moisture, what was nearby?
slavery	Luke only wanted his freedom, after years of being forced to labor in what conditions?
mall	There was only one place that specialized in sports equipment in the town, what seemed really had a shop for everything?
wood pile	Where can a ferret hide easily?
see king	The cat is going to the castle. Why is he going there?
asia	Kuwait and others in the region aren't always immediately associated with it, but they are located in where?
exaggerate	Sally was a real estate agent but she was a bad one.  She didn't do well because people knew that she would oversell some features of the homes she sold. They assumed that she was always doing what?
deny	If an insurance adjuster finds your claim incorrect they will do what?
person	Who has blood and parents?
sitting down	After beginning work, what did the man do because he was tired?
boat	What old models are likely to be made of wood?
rest area	Where might you find a map on an outside wall?
flat ground	Susan climbed the slops.  It was very difficult.  She wished that she was on what?
asthma attacks	What causes a difficulty in breathing?
avalanches	What happens when snow on a mountain becomes heavy?
broom closet	While it wasn't damaged yet, she kept a spare wooden rod with the other cleaning supplies inside the what?
have fun	Why would you be going fishing and releasing the fish?
sing songs	What are blue birds known to do?
sanctuary	If an altar is in danger of vandalism, where should it be placed?
fall apart	What might happen to things that would cause an activity to stop?
bathroom	Where is a tap show likely to make a lot of noise?
fear	If you're watching a horror film what are you likely to experience?
good feelings	What is helping likely to make someone have?
in wild	Where would you most commonly find a marmot?
good health	what does someone getting in shape want to achieve?
fatigue	How may one feel after playing games for a long time?
netherlands	Where are people most likely to ride a bicycle beside canals?
good mood	How would a human be feeling if they were smiling and whistling?
american forests	What is a beaver likely to chew up?
elective	Though working 8 hours a day was mandatory at the company, what was their policy toward employee contributions to retirement?
bring	The selfish man liked to take food from potlucks, but what didn't he do with food?
soccer game	The bleachers full of hooligans roared through many chants and smoke bombs during the raucous what?
clear thought	If one is contemplating during meditation, what does one strive for?
bird's nest	What should my brother and I find if we want to see a robin at the end of summer instead of this blue egg?
talk to himself	A lonely and mentally disturbed person may begin doing what for conversation?
green field	Where do cows graze?
big city	Where would you expect to find many homes and businesses?
briefcase	If a coworker needed a pen they might ask you for one, that's why you should keep spares in your leather what?
punishment	A boy is leaving line because he's tired of listening to the teacher's orders, what might the teacher give?
happiness	The sick boy began reading letter after letter, there had been a campaign of strangers all over sending him letters and it brought him feelings of what?
dwelling	The hermit had a bedroom and kitchen in his what on the hill?
stairwell	There is a landing at the top of what that you walk up?
town	James went to the tennis court that was located in his home what?
appliance store	They had just gotten their first house and needed a washer and dryer, they walked up and down the showroom where?
understand	What must a master do with all skills for a trade?
geometry	Sam drove to the city square and noticed that the lines weren't quite right.  It was a few degrees off, most like a trapezoid.   What might Sam be interested in?
worked all day	When I have rest, what does that mean happened earlier?
swiss cheese	What always has some hole in it?
maine	In what state could the steakhouses offer fresh-caught lobster?
insomnia	What prevents someone from going to bed?
have fun	What is a child likely hoping to achieve by going to play?
full stomach	If somebody eating breakfast keeps it light, it may be because they don't want to go to work with a what?
change of color	As a person is dying, what might be a sign that it is happening?
applause	What happens after people perform a concert?
failure	What is my biggest fear when opening a business?
catch cold	What can kissing in November cause?
growth	What often happens to the knowledge base of someone who is learning?
faces	She had been looking through pictures for hours, she just couldn't eye a suspect among all the what?
united states of america	Roberto sees a bald eagle, and wonders what it has come to symbolize?
flower pot	James wanted his anemone to grow and bloom, so he put it in what?
family situation	The siblings fought so much it seemed like the mother had to make a rule for every what?
turbine	The blade would catch the air and turn, this powered the what engine to create power?
closing eyes	What is the last thing you do before you start sleeping?
meeting friends	Malls are where you go shopping. What else do you do at malls?
sweating	What does you body do when you exercise?
celebrating	What would a team be doing when a winning baseball game is imminent?
get divorced	Stopping being married to each other seemed to be the best option, they decided to what?
wine	What is served with dinner at a french restaurant?
stopping	Her flow was getting knotted, so she put up the convertible's top next time she was what?
talk to god	What do you do when you pray?
writer's cramp	What could writing cause before it has been finished?
texas	Which large state does colorado not bordeR?
liked	WHat does someone feel for someone that they entertain?
medical school	Where would a doctor train before gaining a practice?
stores	The shopping center was empty and needed tenants, who did they solicit?
flatulence	If you eat beans when eating dinner, what noise are you likely to make?
one head	Every living person has what on top of their neck?
resentment	The laid of factory worker had what feeling when hearing about a changing society?
waterfall	Where on a river can a human hold a cup upright to catch water on a sunny, clear day?
gathering of information	The spy was listening to the target chatting with friends, his mission was just what?
illuminate	What can light do when it passes through the air?
church	What kind of building sometimes has a basement and is occupied the most on the day after Saturday?
home	Where does the shopping bag go after you finish shopping?
drink coffee	What do most people do while reading newspaper?
go to movies	In order to see a story on the big screen what must you do?
capital cities	The food show specialized in pizzas, each week they went to different states visiting a pizzeria in each of their what?
pantry	The family decided to have a picnic, they got some bread and chips out of their walk-in what?
election	How does a president come to be?
being single	After getting a divorce what does your relationship status change to?
michigan	He followed the train tracks hoping to get home, he had gotten lost in the Yooperland where?
wash dishes	Having children do what after dinner helps to teach them responsibilty?
black	I want a dog that's easy to spot, which one should I get?
main street	A dentist's office wanted to have higher visibility than the other medical offices. Where would it set up shop to maximize visibility?
grocery store	The aisle that John was on had macaroni, rice, and hamburger helper. What sort of store is John most likely shopping at?
needle	What could cause a drop of blood to fall?
read books	What are you about to do If you're going to study in a library?
girl's hair	Where is a mother likely to put a ribbon?
sore muscles	What does climbing a mountain lead to?
bad	James was positive that this situation had soured.  What type of situation did he think he was in?
reproduction	What would you get if you want a painting but cannot afford the original?
cheat	What does someone immoral do when they are taking final exams without studying?
drugstore	Bob lost his sunglasses.  He looked everywhere for them.   Where might he get new ones quickly?
spend more	WHen people are fighting inflation what should they stop doing?
using gas	Bill likes driving, but it's expensive.  He wished that cars didn't do what?
kitchen	Where is the best place to keep a dish cloth?
set table	Between each customer some times a waiter is required to do what?
christmas tree	A poor family has no decorations in December, what would make a great gift?
full	If a person has to pee then their bladder is what?
hostility	What can ignorance between groups cause?
entertaining	When you play games with children you're doing what to them?
anger	What could happen if you are fishing but do not catch any fish?
large city	Where could you find many radio studio?
more comfortable	She got an extra blanket to get warm, this would hopefully make her even what?
have food	If someone has hunger in the middle of the night what should they do?
write stories	What do people do when they are bored?
past	I typically use a travel website to book my flights is implying i used the travel site when?
birth	When the farmer was reproducing sheep, what did one sheep give later?
new mexico	He was bound for llano estacado, where was his end goal?
mute	If someone is not able to reply to you, they could be?
clinic	Some people don't have insurance, they can expect a long wait in the waiting room when they go to the walk in what?
cup of coffee	If you're pouring water over grounds what type of drink are you making?
person's head	Most human hair is where?
fleas	The dog seemed antsy and restless, it turned out it had what?
downtown	Where could you find a library that people of any age can visit?
come here	Her dog was getting too close to the street, she yelled for it to get away and do what to where she pointed down?
irritation	What could happen if you are listening to someone who is answering questions incorrectly on purpose?
fall asleep	What do you need to do before you can dream?
india	Where can one attend a famous bazaar?
bad dream	Where could you see a sloth that only exists in your head?
pleasant thoughts	What does the idea of going on vacation inspire ?
restaurant	Where would be able to get a bbq meal away from home?
head	Where is the best way to store personal knowledge?
office building	You go into a building.  There were two guards at the entryway checking IDs.  Where might you be.
begin to talk	The baby heard his mom talk for months, what did he do as a result?
meeting	Before the party, what did the staff need to attend?
theatre	John watches the well dressed people from a catwalk above the stage.  He listens to them speak rehearsed lines while the audience listens.  Where is he/
england	What is a place that has a queen who is not an insect?
wellness	Johnny had a disease that kept him from playing with friends.  His family only wanted him to achieve what?
motorcycle	What type of bike has an engine?
getting tired	I was sick of driving the car as I had done so for 10 hours, how was I feeling?
garden of eden	If I were a snake, where would I go tempt people?
motel	Where might people enjoy a swimming pool before bedtime while on vacation?
business man	A modern farmer needs many skills common for who in order to manage finances and increase sales?
kiss each other	What happens if lovers want to show affection?
sink	What would you use to get a wash cloth wet without having to squat down?
get somewhere	When you decide to go somewhere, why do you do it?
introduce yourself	What do you do when you meet people for the first time?
great expense	Why would someone be unable to be bringing suit?
grocery store	He just needed to pick up one more thing off his list and fill his cart, he grabbed some coffee on his way to checking out of where?
old movie	If the characters are wearing hats and in a dime store what are you likely watching?
produce products	Why do manufacturers have many machines?
headache	What is a painful condition that would make going to the opera uncomfortable?
jar	I have some liquid food that I want to store, where would I put it?
birthday party	I need a balloon to decorate something, what am I buying it for?
verbal	He decided to speak up and be what about the written assignment the students found unfair?
sewer	Where does the water run-off overflow end up?
problems	What can happen to money after buying too much beer?
labyrinth	Where would you walk in a passage?
go somewhere	What would you do if you have excitement and do not want to stay in your house?
happiness	He was well ahead at the casino, he wisely decided to cash in which brought a smile of what?
happiness	James was having fun with Jane.  What sort of feelings might this bring him?
montana	A company with the moniker of Big Sky Excavation would probably be found where?
spillage	What might happen when not being careful setting a cup on a table?
move fast	Joe lived skating.  It was very Zen to him.  He was calm and steady.   He could feel the wind.  He loved to do what?
alimentary canal	Starting in the mouth and passing through the throat what organ is where food passes through the body?
office supply store	where do you buy a pen?
play sports	What are children in uniforms and helmets about to do?
michigan	Where might a chess set outside get frozen?
salon	What is a place where clippers are used on women?
fishing boat	What vessels in Alaska are looking for crab?
hospital	If I were to suffer from sudden illness I would be within reason to visit where?
queue	James was printing on his printer and the paper got stuck.  Then when it was unjammed, he had to clear what?
pink	They were having a gender reveal party, the flower bouquets were all colored what for their daughter?
amusement park	Where would you visit a ticket booth before going on a ride?
laugh	If you see your favorite show and it's a comedy you'll likely do what?
suitcase	He packed his toothpaste and brush in a small bag then stuffed it with his clothes into a what?
soccer game	Where is one unlikely to get popcorn?
tide pool	The crab was separated from his compatriots out in the sea, where was he likely to be?
victory	Billy tried to defeat John, but John was just too good.  It seemed that billy could never achieve what?
happiness	She found out who her father was, discovering truth had led her to feel what?
pocket	If you don't have anything designed to hold a dollar bill, where would you likely carry it?
safe	When the woman put her belonging  in the drawstring bag, how did she want her things to stay?
maine	When a bald eagle flies at the northern extreme of the continental Unites States, where is it?
street	Where are leaves likely to cause an accident?
feel full	Having a lot of food is likely to make someone have a certain sensation of what?
accidental	John was responsible for the biggest oil spill ever.  It was entirely what?
exercise	What is a reason for hiking?
let down	If a person feels they are getting a job but they never get the offer, how might they feel?
middle ages	Where could you find a real knight?
back yard	While sitting on the patio they saw a fox come out of the woods and run by, it was a common sight in their cabin's what?
enjoyed	What was the reaction when the children were given ice cream?
supermarket	Where might I find air to fill up these balloons?
get killed	Killing people had become a way of life for the gangster, but surely he would also what?
become more popular	She already had many friends, but she never stopped socialising to what?
state facts	What do professors do to prove their points?
fall down	What happens if you trip while playing basketball?
go to jail	Bob asked James to be an alibi witness for him but James is worried about committing perjury. He's afraid he'll be found out and he'll what?
sorrow	What do you feel when you're not getting paid?
controversy	The senator had been going public with news about what was really going on in the govenor's office. What sort of situation did the bring around the governor?
go to jail	If you are starting a fire on purpose and are caught what will happen?
happiness	What could cause you to be staying healthy?
communication	Some times I have trouble expressing myself, but I use clothing, sometimes even ugly clothing as a form of this.
harbor	Where is a safe space for a boat?
drink coffee	Despite warnings to not do it while printing on printer, they still had an issue with people carelessly doing what near it?
countryside	Where could you see a single bee?
metro station	The ticket booth informed riders that the train was running late, so where was the ticket booth located?
relaxation	While resting what are you trying to achieve?
figure out	Why would a person require a large amount of thinking?
terrarium	Where can you see snakes at a public zoological park?
headaches	What happens with not enough drinking?
compete	Jealousy is not uncommon when to people do what with each other?
architecture	The terrace was ornate and artfully laid out, what kind of firm created it?
own death	What will eventually happen someone who is committing murder, even if he or she is not caught?
suitcase	James went to outer space for the first time.  He packed everything, including his peanut butter, into a single object.  Where might his things be?
opera house	Where would a soprano sing live for money?
help people	How could being someones taxi for the day while they run errands be good for the world?
spending money	He brought his wallet with him, this was because buying products means what?
need assistance	What would happen to a person if he or she fell down and broke his or her leg?
water fountain	The spout was producing hardly a dribble, so fearing germs he began to look for another what?
boredom	James hated baseball. Seeing people play a game wasn't fun to him. It only filled him with what?
forgetfulness	Why would someone not know where he or she left something after getting drunk?
jail time	What accused of committing a murder what is a person facing?
manual	When you buy something new , what do you read for information?
cough	What causes hard breathing when you are sick
happy	What is a child's reaction likely to be when going to play?
trash	Where do you put a cardboard box that is damaged beyond use?
anything	God is often depicted as omnipotent, he can do what?
country club	If a reception is held near a golf course, what is the likely venue?
northern	Southern is the opposite of what?
farmer's market	If one needed peas and shopped local, where might they go?
shelf	The old lady wanted to purchase a can of paint, the helpful employee got it for her off the what?
restaurant	The deep fryers used gallons and gallons of oil a week, the location was the busiest what in town?
new ideas	When people are learning about science and not burdened by the morals of a higher power, they are more likely to come up with what?
open mouth	Bob wants to talk, but he's surrounded by gnats and he thinks they're gross.   No one can hear him because refuses to do what?
human body	What does a head attach to?
introducing yourself	What do I say when I am meeting people for the first time?
books	What would contain an image of a blowfish?
jar	Where would you put your change if you will not need to use it soon?
recorded	The band was performing live, but if you looked close enough you'd realize the sound was previously what?
fun	Why do most people engage in chatting with friends?
city	The graveyard is usually found on the outskirts of what group of homes and businesses?
improve yourself	If you learn more about your weakest subjects you'll have done what to yourself?
learn to walk	Before we are able to run what do we need to know how to do?
make money	The investor seemed shady, he kept insisting his client had to spend money to what?
anxiety	If someone is talent but doesn't like performing, they probably suffer from what?
crushed ice	If I want to make my cup of water colder, how would I go about it?
aviary	While in a zoological park where would you find a bald eagle?
effort	When in a serious relationship understanding better requires what?
san francisco bay	The shark kept bumping into piers and couldn't seem to get out into open water, where was it stuck?
marching band	Where would someone have to carry their brass instrument while they played?
reputable	The man was bad at getting a job because of his poor references, what did he need to work on being?
sky	John heard a language that he could not understand. He thought that the door was shut, but he eventually realized that there was no door, and that the light source that was blinding his eyes was very familiar.  He was on his back looking at what?
before lunch	Simon was meeting Jane that afternoon.  This meant that he needed to be finished with his project by when?
pleasure	It is a well known adage that you should not mix business with what?
friend's house	Them two going out for coffee could be expensive, so she just had it over at her what?
surface of earth	John wanted a silo home.  He did this because it's cheaper to heat and cool.  What insulates a silo home?
solar system	Where does a human not often go?
accidents	What is moving cars without looking likely to result in?
property	what do you extend to have a bigger back yard?
apple orchard	Where would you need a ladder to eat?
treasure chest	Bill wants to make a fortune while sailing in the Caribbean, what should he look for?
garage	Where is a good place to keep a wagon meant for work?
happiness	Dan was living on his own in a big city.   He was okay with his situation, and enjoyed all the fun things to do, but he was still searching for something. What was he searching for?
entertained	James uses television l;ate in the day, after work.  It does so because his work is hard and he wants to be what?
skeleton	The physiologist identified a bone, what were they looking at?
go somewhere	What's a good solution for being bored?
victory	A reaching advantage can help a boxer achieve what?
table	John noticed a plate flanked by silverware set aside for him.  Where was this plate?
appeals	Where might someone go after dealing with a passing sentence?
i'm hungry	He knew how to make bread, but he said "I don't have all day because what"?
being happy	What is the result of kissing often?
national park	You might find a marmoset in a South American protected what?
loft	What is a place where the ceiling is usually closer to the floor than in other areas?
knowledge	What is remembering ever answer on a test likely to show?
full bloom	When is a garden the most beautiful?
pride	What do you feel when successful when competing against a worthy adversary.
person	Bailey saw something scary in the entrance hall,  but closer examination showed that it was just a what?
sunny window	He liked his indoor ficus, he simply had to keep it watered and near a what?
play tricks on	John wasn't in his right mind.  His brain did what to him?
own home	Where are you normally when you take a bath?
airport	While in the process of heading home he realized at the last moment he hadn't gotten a souvenir from the trip, luckily the what had a gift shop?
house	I have a machine for making bread, I keep it in my what?
cool off	What can ice help you to do?
bank account	Where do people keep money that is not in their wallet?
arena	The players got chills and goosebumps as the went through the central passage into the what?
african continent	The baboon is a species of monkey native to where?
smile	What do people typically do when they are trying to making friends?
compete against	He felt pride when he saw his team walk out and when he sized op the opposing team, what was he about to do?
neutral	The show was live,  and there was no tape delay.  The station decided that they weren't going to have any censorship, and would remain what regarding the issues?
feel comfortable	Why does someone want to get warm when they are cold?
auditorium	John sat in a folding chair in a bit room with a stage.  What sort of room could that be?
reject	When you dont want something, you do what to it?
relaxing	What do people who want to unwind by listening to music find music to be?
gravesite	Where would you go to look for your human ancestors?
advantageous	It was dumb luck, his bad move had actually put him in an what position?
class room	Where do students do most of their learning?
shirt pocket	Where might someone keep an eyeglasses case when at work?
computer screen	You can view a window with your current task on what?
peculiar	Greg's performance was mediocre.  What might his habits he like?
warm place	I put a towel in a cardboard box for the kitten, I wanted it to have what?
scientific knowledge	A person who is focused on learning about science they will be gaining what?
apartment building	Where are humans kept in large amounts in small spaces?
public building	Many random citizens would use an entrance hall to enter this sort of building. What is it?
sew	She enjoyed fabric as a medium, her creativity really showed when she would what?
pay employees	The company was very cheap.  The didn't do what?
find facts	The detective had to discover the truth, he started by searching and sifting through the lies to what?
barbeque	A small dog will be very happy at what gathering of people?
embrace	James and Lilly have strong feelings for each other.  To express those feelings they kiss. What else might they do?
bus stop	Where can one find shelter in the city?
button up	He felt stuffy in the shirt, he began to unfasten the what style of shirt?
firearm	John needed a new lock to lock his antique pirate artifact. What might that artifact be?
free will	During the date she explained her belief in fatalism, this contrasted with his strong belief in a person's what?
sing	All the contestants had to wait turn for their chance to what on American Idol?
music store	If someone saved up for a new bass, where would they go to get it?
south pacific	Seeing a shark near Tahiti means you're where?
follow instructions	The soldier was a great candidate for the job, the hiring officer knew the soldier could what?
love	Why does Tinder encourage meeting people?
rice paddy	Jane is a farmer who is currently working on a wet terrace.  Where might Jane be?
roadblock	The people wanted to stop the parade, so what did they set up to thwart it?
laboratory	If you want to find a small dog, perhaps wearing a white coat, where might it be?
pretty	The woman gawked at the diamonds, what did she think of them?
learn new	What might someone do with a book if they are experiencing boredom?
roadblock	John and Grace  live where there are many people, but it's hard for them to move around because of all the what?
health centre	Billy first used a spa when he had a torn ankle and his doctor recommended that he go where?
have time for	When you want to eat lunch, you need to have what for it?
nausea	What happens when you are drinking alcohol too fast?
train station	Billy bought coffee and waited for his wife to arrive from  France.  Where might he have been?
being ordered	James  didn't like getting in line when he was told to be the teacher.  He wasn't someone who appreciated authority figures.  He didn't like what?
speeding ticket	What is likely to happen to someone driving their car too fast?
go to parties	The college student wanted to meet people, but he didn't really like to what?
help people	John was an idealist.  He gave away internet ready computers because he wanted to do what?
specialty store	Where would you get a gift for someone who only likes some kinds of thing?
doing nothing	The kid wanted to go outside and play, what was he sick of doing?
gas	The man suffered from beef allergies, what did he suffer from as a result of eating hamburger?
classroom	Where do students keep rubber bands?
frigate	The battleship fleet had all sorts of ships, the small one was called a what?
sump pump	What do you use to move water out of a flooded room?
take pictures	If you want to remember an event what should you do at it?
soccer game	What type of game causes players to use their head on the ball?
solving problem	Joe was very good at thinking.  As he grew, he learned out to apply his thoughts to most situations.  This led to him doing what?
pay bills	Bill is a customer of an electric company.  He calls his electric company. Why might he be calling?
needle	What can be used to remove a drop of blood?
indifference	The parents concern was met opposingly by what on behalf of the teacher?
hockey rink	At what structure can you see people you use a puck professionally?
spell checker	What would you need after recording somethign and then having it transcribed?
house	Where could you find a laundry room that is only used by a few people?
street	Where is a bicycle likely to be stolen?
doze	Why would you be staying in bed and not moving at all?
riots	What do large groups often do when claiming to be changing society?
restaurant	Where does a waiter bring water to customers?
investigation	What part are the police likely to have in a killing?
cargo hold	If a sailor sets off on a voyage, where might they stow a suitcase?
movie	The child had never seen a jellyfish in real life, he had only seen them in a what?
pets	You have to clean the tank and remember to feed them, but fish make good entry level what?
harmful	She just wanted to feel safe after being in a what kind of relationship?
loud noise	What is happening if someone is snoring?
belittle	The coach explained respect to the players before the game against the worst team in the league, he didn't want his players to what to the opponents?
auditorium	Where is the ticket booth often outside the building?
person's head	Where would normally find two eyes?
feel remorse	What is likely to be the feeling of someone who hurts someone else?
suburbs	A city like Detroit ended up with a lot of abandoned buildings when large amounts of people moved where?
nebraska	Jeff Fortenberry is the Republican representative from this state whose capital is Lincoln.
meet expectations	Why is a person likely to be satisfied when using an auto shop?
sky	Where do you see clouds?
staying put	Bess told Sam to move, but he refused. He said that he was doing what?
ground	Where do you find a rock?
break easily	Why would we handle glass with care ?
feel comfortable	What do all humans want to experience in their own home?
northern california	The bald eagle was perched on a redwood, what region was it in?
jar	Where are you likely to take peanut butter out of?
relief	Sally appreciated discovering the truth.  After so much worry at gave her what?
west virginia	In what state would you find the Shenandoah Valley?
run for president	How do politicians compete for the big event?
ask questions	What is the best way to learn new things from someoen else?
procreate	what do living things do to continue the species?
helicopter	Where does a blade help you to move from one place to another?
surface of earth	John noticed that there was a lot of water on his map. Water covered more than half of his map, in fact.   What might his map have been of?
high places	Even when not in flight a bald eagle likes to have a lay of the land, because of this you'll see them perched up where?
fingernails	What body part does dirt sometimes get under?
supermarket	Where could I buy some chocolate?
bottle	What is mouthwash usually stored in?
good credit	The person could get a car loan at a great interest rate, why?
urban area	In what sort of region would you expect to find a large number of apartment buildings?
park	Where might you find a row of apple tree?
small	Building in downtown New York are not?
grocery store	The balloon was purchased along with other weekly household essentials, where was it purchased?
play video games	When children aren't playing outside what do they like to do?
pond	Where do you find jellyfish?
classroom	Where would child's work be on the wall?
bermuda	The lizard startled the vacationer, he then joked it was one thing that hadn't disappeared in the mysterious triangle where?
strip club	Where is a beaver unlikely to be found?
harm	The fire was out of control.  If it wasn't stopped, it might do what to someone?
theater	Where might a catwalk be quiet?
unique	The digital artist like to modify a copy of a famous picture to make it what?
europe	where did many colonial kingdoms originate?
forgetfulness	She was beginning to age, an early sign of her memory problems was showing short term what?
yell at	The mother was punishing her children, she raised her voice to do what to them?
kill	If you're in a war what are you likely to have to do to another person?
learn to fly	The bird is young and still nesting, what does it need to do soon to move on?
fort	Where on land would you likely find a cannon?
airport	Where does a human go to be lifted and carried off?
play games	Kids have vivid imaginations, they can take anything and use it to what?
carnival	A happy person drinking a lemonade and also feeling nauseous or dizzy might be at what event?
having fun	Jane didn't care about talking with others. She went dancing just to do what?
toy store	where do you buy a game?
determination	Reaching advantage in anything requires hard work and?
laziness	The man had much to do, but was using television, what was his problem?
tensions	Bringing suit against a family member will cause what with the rest of the family?
jewish community	What group of old testimant believers gather in a place called a temple to worship?
soccer game	The goalie felt blood on his face after blocking a ball, where was he/
outdoors	Where would a ferret feel most free?
switch on	She wanted to use television but couldn't find the remote, and she didn't know how to manually what?
card room	The table was designed for gambling, where should it be placed?
unobservant	What would someone be if he or she did not see a sharp object falling in front of him or her?
toy store	Sally wanted a stuffed animal for her birth day, so her father took her some place to pick one out. Where might they have gone?
better himself	What does a human do during self improvement?
get comfortable	A person is trying to sleep but cannot.  He tosses and he turns without rest.  What might he need to do in order to sleep?
present	His mind was far away even though his body was what?
controversy	What could happen if creating art that not everyone agrees with?
river or stream	Where does a group of beaver build a dam?
diarrhea	What is one of the many hazards of traveling?
further education	If I am a person who want to go to college, what am I seeking?
hostility	The man pleaded for peace between the two sides, but their what towards each other was too much to abide?
fruit	What is it healthy to eat the skin of?
smile	When meeting people, what kind of gesture do you usually give?
write letter	John was a terrible writer.   To practice, his teacher suggest that he consider people he knows and do what?
pocket	How can you carry a pencil in your shirt?
doctor's office	John had his appointment book with him when he got a medical checkup but he lost it somewhere. Where is the first place that he'd look for it?
pleasure	Seeing someone open a gift after buying christmas presents causes what for the gift giver?
for free	If you get something for no cost you get that thing what?
potential	The trainer disregarded the disability in his client, what did the trainer actually see?
revised	What's it called when you change a contract?
cassettes	What would you use if you wanted to play music?
betrayal of trust	The two friends had been close for decades, but one of their new habits of lying had become a what between the two?
mammals	Sally liked hair, and wanted to rub some every single day. However, she has no skill at cutting hair at all, and no interest in doing so.  What might she get to let her rub hair?
class	I needed more knowledge and had a reputation for truancy, what did I need to go to more of?
street	What do you need to find a dental office?
desk drawer	During the seated interview the hiring agent hired the man on the spot, he got a contract and pen out of the what right on the spot?
feel loved	What do people want to feel more than anything?
residential area	A cat is wandering outside, where is likely to be found?
friendly	How are dogs generally toward people?
light	All energy on earth comes from the sun.  It arrives in what form?
house	The homeowner wanted new flooring installed, where did they want it specifically?
parking lot	Where is a good place to leave a car in public?
drive cars	What is something only humans can do?
street corner	The car had its turn signal one, where was it stopped?
wet clothes	What would rain do if you didn't have an umbrella?
polite	I went to eat in a restaurant, but I left because the person at the front wasn't what?
sparse	If an area is not thick with resource, those resources are what?
court case	How might one go about instituting a civil action?
prepare food	What is the primary duty of a chef?
processed	He was trying to eat more green, as in simple ingredients rather than what foods?
front yard	Where might a large personal apple tree be?
leave	What are you about to do after cashing in your chips at a casino?
advantageous	What is something bad unlikely to be to anyone?
enjoy nature	Why do people go hiking?
tickets	Sam put his return ticket in a special box.  It was where he kept all of his what?
baseball bat	What would you hold by the handle while many people are watching you?
michigan	Jill is in a shopping complex in Ann Arbor, where is Jill?
bedroom	Where are you when you put your birth control pill to the test?
foreign	He always tried to shop local, he didn't like to support what kind of product?
pain	After exercising for 3 hours straight, what did the girl experience?
stock market	Jim wanted to make a fortune but didn't like physical labor or dealing with people, what did he try studying?
pocket	Where would you put your change if you plan to use it soon and you are a man?
prior knowledge of	When remembering you referencing things that you have what?
rebound	Susan threw the highly elastic ball at the wall.  The ball did what?
falling down	If a person loses their balance while on roller skating and can't recover what happened to them?
dreams	He had an active imagination, sleeping was always an adventure because of his wild whats?
cage	Where would a zoo keep a lemur?
backyard	James felt the best place to install the spa would be where?
raise crops	What is the farmer's main goal?
slim	All his friends said they liked girls who were thick, but he preferred them healthy but what?
meditate	When people in trance are trying to calm themselves what do they do?
automobile accidents	How can a person destroy a car after becoming inebriated?
hangover	What is the result of getting drunk?
play	Mable loved horses.  She'd do what with them every time she visited the farm?
pocket	Where in your pants would you keep a kleenex?
learn to swim	A person wants to be like Michael Phelps, what should they do first?
board room	Where is the president likely to meet others?
tree	Marmot's can be found in high places.  They have hands that they can use to get to the top of what?
heartache	What would happen if you are loving another and he or she does not love you?
hardware store	Where can you buy a pail, nails and a hammer?
printer	Where should a blank sheet of paper be?
four legs	Most lizards achieve locomotion using what?
milky way galaxy	Where would a cat not belong?
auditorium	Where are there lots of seats placed in rows surrounding a court?
better grade	If a student is failing what should they try to achieve?
underground	Where would a marmoset be unable to breathe?
gain weight	Why does a bodybuilder eat so much?
sort	When I take clean clothes out of the dryer, what do I do to to them next?
snore	What can you do while resting that affects other people?
large company	What does a shareholder own?
speaking english	In Canada you'll hear most people doing what to converse?
forrest	What type of environment does a lemur call home?
get out of bed	What's the first thing you have to do to return to work one day?
pride	What is a positive effect of creating art?
summer	When is an electric storm likely to occur?
room	Where do I put a folding chair if I have more guests than expected in my house?
hear sounds	A good musician has a keen ear, they pick up much more than the normal person when they what?
front door	A cat sometimes has trouble deciding whether or not to come in or out of what?
bag	Where would you put sunglasses if you do not have a shirt but want to bring the sunglasses with you?
museum	What type of gift shop can you by replicas of paintings?
death and	The old saying is that taxes are inevitable, and also what?
populated area	Where is a bad place to put a cemetery?
repair	Bob destroyed Wendy's favorite toy. Wendy isn't sad because she believes she can do what to it?
national park	You can find a protected forest in just about any what?
dictionary	What is a book where you can find the meaning of a word?
basement	Sam was moving out to college.  His parents packed up all of his old toys are placed them in long term storage.  Where might they put the boxes of toys?
toy shop	Where can you get a yoyo?
kitchen cupboard	The plate needed to be put away where did the mother put it?
sorrow	What do those of a relative committing suicide likely to feel?
battlefield	Where will more than a drop of blood be spilt?
tool shed	Where would you put a saw if you do not need to use it soon and your house only has one floor?
take pictures	You can do what do share your memories of visiting a museum?
new hampshire	If I want a horse from New England, what state should I look in?
enjoyment	Why would someone be listening to music?
boat	China transports lots of cargo, one way is by sea in a very large what?
slack	The instructor showed how to keep everything tied tight, he didn't want to see any what in their lines?
great relief	Billy was a forgiving person.  When Marna confessed to him, she felt what?
you're bored	If you were lazy you'd probably choose to just watch television simply because what?
michigan	He got in the bus in Hell and got off at Christmas, it was a fun trip through where?
come early	What task can a lawyer plan for to engage a witness who has been difficult to find?
kneel down	Beside clasping their hands what do people do when praying?
exceptional	What is the opposite of ordinary?
toolkit	John needs a screwdriver to take the old blade off of his lawnmower.  Where does John look for his screwdriver?
wherever	She really wanted her husband to pick a place to have dinner, but he was so used to her choosing he just replied with what?
surface of earth	Where could you find a very large amount of air?
theater	Where would you find an auditorium without students?
zoos	Where do people go to see animals?
garden	The large container caught rain water, though hardly potable it was used to water the what?
spending money	What does having to obtain lunch at a restaurant result in?
produce evidence	What is a lawyer required to do during the discovery phase of a trial?
momentum	James had difficult beginning work, but once it did he didn't stop.  He worked best when he had what?
zoo	Where is a place a beaver wouldn't feel free?
telephone booth	Where is there almost always a telephone book, since the telephone is nearby?
montana	Where is gruber exacavation from?
nausea	Tickling for a prolonged period of time can cause dizziness and with the spinning, what else can happen?
every town	People die, that's why you tend to find a graveyard where?
back	The spine is located in your
stress	What emotional state are you in if driving a car in heavy traffic?
progress	What has happened after a tennis game has started?
injury	After getting drunk and crashing his car, what resulted for him?
landscaping	What is the process of maintaining rosebushes in a lawn called?
yard	What part of a property may be next to a driveway?
apartment	Where would people be conscious of the material doors are made of after watching a disaster preparedness video?
entertain	Some people use love to do what for themselves?
museum	He wanted to research well-crafted chesterfield, where should he look?
trust himself	How does a person know how to make the right decision?
complete high school	If people are 19 years of age, what has happened already to most of them?
apartment complex	There is normally a parking area near what collection of small dwellings?
am happy	I person is likely to say they are what after a good dance?
laboratory	The scientists dealt with many preserved specimens, so their what was equipped with cold storage?
restaurants	John loves to eat baked potato but he doesn't have time to cook. Where might he go for potatoes?
department store	You go into a building and see many people going in and out of the entry way.  Most going out are carrying plastic bags.  Where might you be.
whitehouse	The president usually lays his weary head to bed where?
being entertained	What might going to play lead to for a child?
phone book	Where might I find the names of a place to stay?
manhattan	What specific area is known for it's bay?
salty	Whilst his girlfriend preferred sweet, he preferred what kind of snacks?
universe	Light from the sun goes past earth and becomes weaker as it spreads out into the what/
cremated	What happens to a body when they die?
washington	Where is aberdeen in the US located?
ink cartridges	Instead of buying brand new pens, what part can you replace to keep using them?
city	Sonny thought the concert hall was best located in a place with a lot of people.  Where might he put it?
broke	If there is nothing left after paying bills you are what?
bank	Where would a ballpoint pen be useful for a writing a check?
hot room	He was going to sleep at his summer home, he turned on an electric fan to air out his what?
bathroom	Where could an electric razor be exposed to water?
stay in	People look outside and see that it's cold and snowy, what do they likely opt to do?
homely	What is the opposite of beautiful?
cooked food	What do you end up with after cooking?
hells canyon	A bald eagle flew through the heavens above what conversely named erosion?
satisfy hunger	James wanted to eat hamburger.  He wanted to do so in order to do what?
cool off	His anger reached a boiling point, the therapist said they should take a break and what?
sewers	Where are rats that live with turtles likely to be?
text book	Where is one likely to find a mathematical rule?
cleaning house	What is a maid usually hired for?
park	What do we call a garden that is found in public?
go to class	Sam was a student at Elmhurst elementary .  She was late when the bell rang so she ran in the hall trying to do what?
sparse	The buffalo were big thick and easy to spot, but the were hunted to the point that their numbers were what?
improved health	Jogging can do what for your body?
coming home	What might a friend throw a party for another friend?
persistent cough	What symptom does smoking relate to the organ of breathing?
hanger	What indoor facility would hold an airplane?
new york	The seafood restaurant specialized in fresh caught Atlantic fish, but a controversy arose that it was getting them from the grimy rivers around where?
work for free	The person had a talent he wanted to donate to a cause, so what did he do?
slip and fall	What happens when not paying attention when bathing?
funeral	How does killing someone usually end?
notebook	The teacher told the class they would be taking a lot of notes this semester, he recommended buying a what just for this class?
match	What could a tennis game be part of?
tuna fish	The cat knew to come just by the sound of what being opened?
excited	What does a person feel when they are close to their birthday?
meeting	How do people exchange information to large groups at work?
town	Bailey couldn't find a place to leave his vehicle because he couldn't find a parking lot anywhere.  It was a very small what?
meeting	WHen do people sit around a table together at work?
basement	The breaker that distributes electricity in your home is usually found where?
news article	What does a lead for a journalist lead to?
art show	Where might one see a fine picture as the background of their surrounding environment?
altruistic	People are helping others while expecting nothing in return, how are they behaving?
green thumb	What does a person who is a gardener have?
increased effort	She was competing, but felt inadequate, what did she apply to improve performance?
metaphor	The glass ceiling was a what, that wasn't enough to defeat her opponent?
go back to	If he did not pass course this semester he would have to what?
building	Where could you find one booking office?
workplace	Where do people typically make a friend as an adult?
death	She choked while eating hamburger, what was the result?
wet surface	When I have a sponge, but am unsure of where to use it, where should I use it?
race track	Sally bought tickets to the event and headed out.  She was a fan, though some people found it boring and loud.  She liked watching them go around.  Where is Sally going?
sight	What is something someone driving a car needs even to begin?
then	James needed the tools now.  He wished he had remembered to pack them when?
theatre	Seating is usually thought to be best in the center of the room, about halfway back, in what place?
obsessive compulsive	She would cogitate over every little thing, she was what?
mexico	What North American country really likes watching matches on a soccer field?
florida	The peninsula and panhandle make for a long coast, this is why many people like to vacation or retire where?
practical	A theory requires that the hypothesis be what?
drug store	Where do you buy your birth control pills?
subdivision	The roadway passed a sign and gate house, what was behind the gatehouse?
earth	The forests were depleting everywhere, what does this negatively affect?
toy store	What store is likely to have a non-functioning train as a result of electricity loss?
competitiveness	Bailey liked playing games against other people.  He found it exhilarating.  What might Bailey like about games?
sentence	Where are you likely to find just a few words?
aunty	Her brother and sister-in-law were coming to visit, she told the kids that uncle and who were coming?
eat	What would you do if you see food on a plate?
meeting people	Jenny was stuck at home most of the time without anyone to talk to.  She went dancing because she wanted to do what?
bedroom	Where would you find cloth to sleep on?
denmark	A small dog is lost in Copenhagen, what is the dogs likely nationality?
have fun	James was not good at socializing but he didn't care.  He just wanted to do what?
tidal basin	What sort of wet area does an anemone inhabit?
humans	What could you find moving in a ticket office?
living room	What is normally the first room as you enter your house?
agreement	If you are chatting with friends, and you think the same thing as what your friends say, what has happened?
health club	The tennis court enjoyed older, more refined clientele, where was it located?
universe	Where is the world known to be a part of?
room	Where are light bulbs frequently found?
being satisfied	If one is neutral with regards to seeing idea become reality what would they most likely feel?
montreal	He thought it was appropriate to visit a french restaurant after the ice hockey game while visiting what famous bilingual city?
refrigerator	The jelly was opened and likely to spoil, where should someone put it?
go skiing	The rich kids suffered from boredom, one suggested heading up to his parents lodge and that they what?
no consciousness	Humans are said to have this thing, but dogs are thought not to have it, What is it?
butt	Bob rested his bottom on a chair in the orchestra pit.  A bottom is also called what?
park	John wanted to play tennis.  He thought he might be able to find a tennis court somewhere. Where might he look?
lawn	Where the newspaper landed if not on the porch?
falling down	He was climbing higher and higher, what was he scared of as he got higher?
feel full	A person is done eating lunch, why have they likely stopped?
celebration	What might happen after winning a baseball game?
mexico	Sally checked her undersink and oversink cabinets to see where they were make.  Where might they have been made?
incompetent	What kind of real estate agent would sell a house for less than what it is worth?
petting zoo	Where is a snake unlikely to be welcome?
hydration	What is the purpose of drinking water?
living room	The small dog was something of a homebody, it loved naps on the couch where?
lay down	Sam needed to rest after a long day of work, but he didn't have time to sleep.   So instead he just went to the couch.  What might he do on the couch?
gulf states	Alabama has to consider a hurricane once in awhile as it is one of the whats?
bitter	What kind of food is not sweet?
furniture store	Where would you likely go to buy an armoire?
freeway	Where do commuters usually move quickly?
nursery rhyme	A cow is pretty boring, unless they jump over a moon in a what?
stink	Feet that have been in boots all day will what?
library	Where would you find many a bookshelf?
louisiana	What delta state is known for good bbq?
amusement park	James got a stuffed animal from a UFO catcher machine.  Where might he have done this?
brassiere	She needed help from a friend to over tighten the strap on her fancy what?
music store	A harmonica might be the smallest instrument sold where?
building	James constructed a playroom for his children.   His place was small, so he put it in an unattached what?
new freedom	If I am forgiving, what might my conscience and sense of vengeance find?
fill with tears	If your punched in the nose, your eyes will probably do what?
nightclub	John was working late at night in a Casino.  When he got off work, he looked for a bar but couldn't find one.  Where might he go instead?
ruin	Upon discovering the remains of the lost city, what did archaeologists try to preserve?
resist	Even though they were never told or forced to obey, the people still fashionably claimed they what?
briefcase	Where would a business man keep a plane ticket with other documents?
profit	When running a business what is the opposite of debt?
supermarket	Where would you get some chocolate if you want to bake a cake?
panic	If you were going public outing and heart was racing what are you feeling?
television	It was time for her favorite program, she got comfortable and turned on the what?
play chess	How might one conquer boredom by controlling the destiny of imaginary kingdoms?
nonprofit	What kind of business would you make if you want to help people?
ditch	What draws ground water away from your and your neighbor's yard?
draw pictures	Early humans would do what on the walls of caves?
beans	What grows well in the sun?
cd player	What can I use in order to play a disk in a portable device?
being caught	The prisoner would often escape but he was also just as often what?
gaining weight	What is likely to happen from eating too much regularly?
parliament	Where would you find politicians in London?
beauty	A person who is constantly grooming is try to preserve their what?
repeat	Jane need to memorize the section because she was expected to do what to it in class?
neck	The carotid is a main artery susceptible to damage where?
countryside	The ranch house overlooked unobscured mountains and valleys, where was it located?
garage	Where would you put a fire extinguisher if there is only one floor in your house and you cannot cook food in your house?
cloudy	It could have been a beautiful day, but what stopped the sun from shining?
shower	If you brush your hair while bathing what is a good place to store a round brush?
have fun	What cannot happen to you while you are sleeping?
make wine	Sally knows a person who works at a distillery.  He takes public transportation to his job every day. What is his job?
living room	They got their kid a nice new play mat, they put it in front of the TV in the where?
house	Where might a person play an acoustic guitar at a birthday party?
loft	The man put flooring in above his garagge, what was he looking to make?
henhouse	What should my family and I look into getting if we don't want an egg from the supermarket?
presence	The child was lonely, what did he want from his parents?
atlas	Where are you likely to find a lot of maps?
cheap	Sean was in a trouble.  His clothes were not high quality. In fact, they were very what?
need each other	What happens to people if they are having difficulties?
spending money	She looked at all the noisy flashing one-armed bandits, if she was going to play she was going to be what?
forrest	Billy was searching for leaves to add to his collection.  Where might he have looked for them?
western texas	What extremely large southern area in the U.S. has venomous snakes?
in between	Billy couldn't pick a side against a friend, so he stood where?
office supply store	He needed a stapler and index card, he figure where would be the best place to purchase them?
internet cafe	Some idiots die of dehydration because they spend too much time playing games.  Where might someone play games so much?
michigan	Where would a dental office be furthest in the direction of the side that won the Civil War?
human	Sometimes people seem like robots, but really we're all just what?
street	James walked barefoot on a something that was made hot by sunshine. What is he probably walking on?
building	What high rise is often made of windows?
united states	From state to state gardeners appreciate the bee, it is a popular pollinator where?
car show	Where are beautiful cars often found?
living room	They frequently had guests stay over, so even though it wasn't the exact style they wanted they decided on a sofa bed for the what?
elderly person	What type of person usually gets an illness?
person	What will a contraceptive device avoid the creation of?
know everything	A person who studies constantly is trying to do what?
driving	What causes a moving car?
hydroelectric dam	Water turns turbines in what type of structure?
work together	If two people have a common goal how can they accomplish that goal?
computer	He was going to be working from home, he began to install the program on his what?
theater	Where could you see someone pretending to be an action figure but not trying to sell action figures?
jar	Where can you store candy to keep it from going stale?
piggy bank	Where will my kid put their coin in their room?
math	Science is a difficult subject.  What's a purer subject?
neighborhood	If there is a grocery store nearby it is in your what?
unpredictable	If someone is fiddling a fiddle at random, what song are they likely to play next?
having fun	Some people really enjoy others, for them socialising is a way of what?
car	The man asked to have a tissue holder installed at the dealership, where did they put it?
woodlands	What kind of place does a beaver call home?
stress	If you wait until the last minute when buying christmas presents what are you likely to experience?
broadcast	The show was done live, but what were the producers worried about?
steppe	A gazelle needs to run and jump when it's on what sort of terrain?
close fitting	Sarah's dress was very loose. She preferred that.  She didn't like showing off her curves. What type of clothes would she not wear?
spend money	The cashier said if you want to buy food you have to do what?
fairy tale	Where are you likely to find  a person called Cinderella?
unobservant	Those who cut themselves despite being warned that an object is sharp could be called what?
eat food	What do you do when you have lunch?
cast shadow	James turned on his computer and the monitor lit on the room.  What might his body do as he stands there?
go to jail	A court case with a tough judging might result in what?
opera	People rushed down the aisles in confusion as someone shouted fire, what were they running out of?
home	Where do you eat most of your food?
thinking	The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that made no sense, so what did he do?
fitness	She was jogging faster and faster, pushing herself, what was she looking to improve?
slot machine	A card slot for casino member points adorns each of what one-appendage devices?
understanding	There was a list of employees that weren't getting the job done, they were attending meeting to help them with their what?
smile	What could customers do after you serve customers?
trunk	If you need to store old clothes and want to keep moths away you can put them in what large rectangular storage container?
see favorite show	What can you do in front of a tv if you have curiosity about what is being displayed on the tv?
washington	He wanted a condominium near the Pacific ocean, where should he buy one?
hotel	Mary offered to let James sleep on her hide sofa bed, but he thought it was uncomfortable.  Where might he have decided to stay?
cumbersome	She preferred the light blanket, what did she think of the older blanket?
jealousy	If you are losing when competing how may you feel while admiring the opponents score?
make love	When two people are married what would they do to have children?
feel better	Why is a member of the priesthood in a new church advised by friends to start getting in shape?
practice	To become great at fiddling you need lots of?
retail store	Where do you get clothes in a shopping bag?
concert	It was a rowdy group, he even smashed his guitar at the end of the what?
ceremony	If something is occurring at an altar, what might the occasion be?
prison	Where is a drug dealer convicted of a felony likely to go?
hard	He was a gentle man, but due to working out, what were his muscles like?
art show	where do people go to view famous pictures?
meeting	What do gentleman do when they need to talk?
combustion engines	What would need oil to be used?
sense of rhythm	What sense does jumping rope give you?
industrial	Many politicians like to talk about the small time farmer, but almost all farms are actually what?
dog house	What can you build for your puppy so he can sleep comfortably outside?
australia	John looked for beavers but couldn't find any, because he lived where?
soccer game	Where are you if you're drinking beer and watching men hit a black and white ball with their feet?
anywhere	Where can a vegetarian restaurant be found?
change direction	The wind was heading one way, and then headed another way, what happened?
military base	Where would you find guns and people in uniform?
arena	The equipment manager was in charge of the sports equipment, when the team arrived for an away he took it off the bus and brought it where?
house	What might have a ground floor?
soft drink	Where could a bee get stuck easily?
most buildings	Dust accumulates where?
california	Dave wants to build a new ranch house, but he's worried about mudslides, fires, earthquakes,  and restrictive zoning codes.  Where might he live?
bankruptcy	After being stopping being married to someone who takes everything, what are you likely to experience?
gain energy	What is the biological purpose of eating breakfast?
potato	The farmer was scooping out eyes to plant in the ground, what was he scooping them from?
heart attacks	What does going jogging help prevent?
cafeteria	Where do people eat at dining tables together at work?
hollow log	Where might a snake hide?
washington	A beaver is taking logs from a Pacific beach, where is it located?
africa	From where do elephants originate?
stolen	Music that has been download without paying has been what?
backyard	Where is a child likely to put their wagon?
communicate	A newspaper is a traditional way of doing what to events?
dormitory	At a university, what sort of building is likely to be called a hall?
meditation center	where does a gentleman go to relax?
eye strain	What could using computer not cause if you are blind?
put together	Jan is a person who works in a zoo and is very well organized.  You might say that he is very what?
venue	If I have to pass through a ticket booth to see a concert, where is the concert?
war	All avenues should be explored to maintain peace and avoid what?
surface of earth	If air is held down by gravity, what does it usually cover.
homes	He often got thirsty at night and needed a drink, so he always had a night table everywhere he had lived in all his what?
wait turn	Why was the line formed outside of the hot-dog stand?
work	Paper work and research is the bulk of a lawyers what?
get in shape	What does being fat lead a person to want to do in the gym?
carnival	The peanuts were being sold at stalls by the ferris wheel, so where were they being sold?
street	You enter the parking lot of a grocery store from where?
feces	Joe wasn't sure what he was eating, but the taste was awful and bitter.  What might he have been eating.
san francisco	Where is a tree hugger likely to reside?
pain	If you work out too hard when you are getting in shape, what can this cause?
building	The person was cold and wet, where should he go?
boy or girl	When a woman is going to have a baby an ultrasound can be used to find out what?
punishment	What is a bad but frequent reason for hurting someone else?
moving car	What does a person do when they are blocking someone in a driveway?
europe	Where could a gentleman go to other than a theater?
motorboat	The windshield was mostly for spray, but there was also wind to consider while in the what?
stretch	If a person exercised heavily yesterday, what are the likely to do first when they awake?
street	Where could you find a policeman that is not stopping cars but that is outside?
newspaper office	What workplace employs a large number of writers for a daily publication?
think	The question the teacher asked was profound, it made all the students stop and what?
new mexico	The bat was abducted and absconded to top secret government facilities, where did this happen?
sporting event	Where do audiences cheer for athletes?
downtown area	The nightclub owner wasn't a very good businessperson, but the club still did well thanks to its prime location where?
visual	Using a television allows you to take in audio as well as what kind of information?
chicago	What city is known for amazing pizzerias?
tree	What offers shelter in the woods?
gum tree	A koala couldn't find it's usual haunts, so it made its home at the top of something else.  Where was the Koala?
lawyer	If one wishes to dissolve their marriage by getting a divorce, who should one speak with?
basement	Where is a furnace likely at?
get cold	What can happen when kissing outside?
gain weight	He was eating too much while no exercising enough, what did he suffer as a result?
art show	They served wine and cheese after everybody saw the exhibits and installations where?
motel	The man was tired and seeking accommodations, where did he pull into?
classroom	Where is a student likely to use a notebook?
indifferent	The lady responsible for care that shift was not good at her job, she was always what to the needs of the seniors?
detroit	If someone is watching the professional Tigers play a game at a baseball field, where are they likely?
all buildings	In architecture, where are all buildings found?
cat	What does everybody who is lonely buy for company?
leash	How can you stop a dog from biting nearby people?
changing behavior	Linda wanted to talk to someone because she knew that she was doing bad stuff and that talking was the first step to doing what?
drunkenness	Drinking a lot of alcohol leads to what?
growth	What does making grow lead to?
anxious	Sam appear calm, but he had been up all night because he was what?
gain respect	What does a person want  to do to get a promotion at work?
liberal	Sam was very orthodox.  This was in opposition to his roommate, who was very what?
music shop	I need to string a bass, where should I get the necessary supplies?
house	Where would you usually keep your personal telephone directory?
cow	Frankie found a bone in her good.  It probably belonged to what?
death	They medics were frantic and screaming that the patient was losing consciousness, it seemed what was inevitable?
valley	Where are apple trees likely to be solitary?
hallway	Where is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet?
hallway	It was finals week and students wanted to be left alone, one put a do not disturb paper sign out in the what?
suburb	The small dog always picked up the newspaper from the driveway, where did the dog live?
new york	All the day traders did well on the floor that day, they celebrated at a steak house where?
effectiveness	What is key to a student's ability to learn?
thinking	What is the best way to understand a theory better?
become hysterical	People do what in crisis?
water fountain	Where do students stick gum in school?
stay home	I was invited to a party but I'm not a social person, so I decided to do what?
problems	The ECB was focused on fighting inflation without concern for other issues.  This obviously caused what?
imagine	Children like to play. They can easily do what?
bridge	What could cast a shadow?
discomfort	If the temperature was really high, what is a likely reason for awaking in the middle of the night and being unable to fall back asleep?
comic book	Where can you learn about a ferret with special abilities far beyond normal ferrets?
kenne	Where should a small dog sleep if they have trouble peeing indoors?
slow down	What does a police car often cause other cars to do?
go somewhere	If you have curiosity about another location what should you do?
solar system	What is our sun considered to be the center of?
painting	After coming home from his trip to the west coat, John hung the fox on his wall.  He could do this because the fox was what?
art show	I want some original paintings to put on my wall, where should I go for instpiration?
swimming pool	Where would kids walk to if it hot outside?
county fair	If I I see a heifer looking pleased with herself, where might I be?
learn from	Remember to pay attention to the lecture so you can do what?
tiredness	What will happen to you after cleaning house?
throw up	If you drink too much liquor you are likely to do what?
mediterranean sea	Where could you find a jellyfish?
labyrinth	Where is someone likely to run into a wall when trying to leave?
melt	What has happened to ice if it is not ice any more?
grotesque	The man looked at the beautiful woman and knew that she could never love him after his devastating facial injury, how would he desrcibe his face?
four legs	Dogs run around all day, it's a good thing they have what?
exhaustion	After running twenty six miles, what physical feeling is nearly every person likely to feel?
subway	What often has an automated ticket booth?
rest area	Where are you not likely to find a bed?
indian ocean	antarctic ocean is named after a continent.  What's another ocean that's named after a landmass?
food store	Where can a person purchase grapes?
sickness	What can you get after drinking too much alcohol?
expensive	The office needed new computers, but it would be quite what to upgrade?
clap hands	Babies don't make the same noise adults make when applauding, but they still do what when excited?
laboratory	Where is a white rat likely to be?
very deep	Why are there so many different creatures in the oceans?
brown meat	The student chefs were instructed to start the tacos with the main ingredient, adding it to a hot pan to do what?
studio	Where might a person play an acoustic guitar as they wear headphones and sit in a booth with a window?
pass course	What performance is expected of a student in school sessions?
crumpled	What would you do to a paper before throwing it away?
people	He just needed a few things from the shopping center, but he could hardly get down an aisle it was so packed with what?
drink water	Dogs get hot and tired, then they like to sloppily do what?
shore	Where would you find a jellyfish that has not been captured?
closet	Where might a vacuum be stored?
bar	Where is a stool likely to be found?
abundant	The buffalo was hunted until it was scare, but after much effort and many years they are now what again?
very important	The teacher explained that this topic would be on the test, so everything they were learning that day was what?
retaliation	What would a father feel after he learned the man charged with killing people was being let free and justice was not served?
high school	What is the place teenagers hate to go to most but have the most incentive to attend?
many colours	Why are there different kinds of dogs?
farmer's field	The agricultural specialist walked from row to row, so where was he likely?
in kentucky	Where is the world's most famous horse race?
clear	What is the opposite of ambiguous?
pleasurable	What is kissing often described as?
win game	If you are to play Monopoly it is over when one person has done what?
play with toys	What do children like to do in the car?
apartment	What do you buy new cups for when you move in the city?
embrace	John did not abandon his son, but instead did what to him?
village	There are many cottages where James lives. He likes drawing pictures of those cottages and the people who live in them. When he's finished with one, he shows it to the others. This type of place is called what?
running out of money	Why  would a person stop buying products?
germany	Where might one be unrestricted on a superhighway?
town	Laddie owned a dentist office.  It was the only dentist office in the area.  Where might Laddie live?
eat vegetables	What is a food that a child wouldn't want to have?
cup	What might help if my dog wants a drink but his bowl is empty?
straight	The round piece of road did well to slow down traffic versus the long what to a stop?
dependence	Some people believe that giving assistance to those in need will remove their ability to assist themselves, building what?
suicide	The difficulty of life was killing him, so what did he decide to do?
nightmares	When you are asleep at night and dreaming about monsters what are they?
cellar	Where would you keep canned vegetables such as carrots over the winter?
store	Where is the best place to get furniture from?
plate	What item does the fork belong on?
need to urinate	What does drinking water effect in most humans?
trouble	What does our president always get in?
music store	Where would you go if you need a fiddle?
wilderness	Where did the kidnappers take the sloth from?
fall down	The man woke up with a hangover and broken nose, it seemed he decided to get drunk and what?
happiness for	If a person want a changing society, what is a likely motive?
though	If I am reading a letter and want to find an illogically spelled word, what might I look for?
increased efficiency	Why would you want to be using computer?
music store	I really want a keyboard instrument, where should I go to try some out?
study books	What are people in a library likely doing?
entertainment	What is the usual reason people enjoy playing games?
being silent	The women decided it was time to talk about the issue, they were tired of staying and what?
dressing room	Where  is a mirror usually long?
pine tree	Where would a bald eagle land?
discovery	The student was contemplating the problem, that's when he made the what that led him to the answer?
northern hemisphere	The astronaut wanted to find the United States from outer space, so where did he aim his spacecraft?
cakewalk	Devil's food is something you can win at what fundraising game popular at churches?
commit crime	My company's auditors are extremely worried about my practices. Should I care?
buffet	Where would you fill a salad bowl with as much as you can eat?
ocean water	What liquid contains naturally occurring salt?
incarceration	When a person is convicted of committing murder, what happend to them?
partial	The producer told them to take out the scene with full nudity, this was because PG-13 only allowed for what kind of nudity?
frustration	James enjoyed playing chess but he could not beat his best friend.  His  failure to win caused him a great deal of what?
sign checks	People have to get paid for the job, so the boss does what at the end of the week?
maternity ward	Where would you find a waiting room with only some fathers?
natural history museum	Where could you find a weasel that is not alive?
school	Where might students need to use pens the most?
south america	What is one of the largest areas with lizards in it?
harmony	When one person is agreeing with another, they might say that they existing in what?
surface of earth	Where would rock be found in the desert?
appreciate more	Sarah thought that the movie was entertaining but vapid.   How might Sarah feel about the book?
treasure chest	Where could you find a fortune?
michigan	He explained the differences between a town and township, the latter of which were common in which of the fifty?
muscles	Climbing is quite a talent, it requires the use of very particular whats?
compost pile	Sally raked up leaves that had fallen to the ground.  She added them to something.  What did she add them to?
fifties	Jerry was too old for this shit.  He was too square, too.  He never did drugs, never drank, but he was in his what?
admiration	A person who does good to others garners what pleasing quality in their reputation?
relaxation	When stressed, what will the result of exercising often be?
moral outrage	When an unpopular change in the way things are done occurs what is the public reaction?
play games	What might a child do with cards?
roof	Where would you be unlikely to see footprints due to the absence of people?
travel to europe	A person wanted to see Prague, so what did he do?
composted	What could happen to garbage after it is put into a landfill?
set off	The target started his car, this did what to the attached device?
bowl of fruit	Danny noticed a ceramic object on the table and picked a grape out of it.  What might have been on the table?
vomiting	What might happen after too much drinking?
demand satisfaction	Customers should always do what if they want to be respected by companies?
high	What is the opposite of deep?
tree	Where might a snake drop from?
dictatorship	A lot of republics have what from of government?
north carolina	What eastern U.S. region is know for bbq and not apple trees?
wind down	What do you do to an old clock to reset the time?
nightclub	Where is a place teenagers can go to hear music and be entertained?
protection	The fencing he had worked hard on provided him with what?
horrendous	How would one describe the effects of a hurricane?
incinerator	Where would you put refuse if you do not want it to exist any more?
catch on fire	Jane is a pilot.  She recently got a medal and a promotion for her quick thinking when her plane did this.  What might her plane have done?
train wreck	What would a human experience if they fly off the rails?
wisconsin	Where is not known for apple trees?
go away	Billy wanted to return home, but his mother told him to do what?
television show	Shark tank is a popular reality what?
being good	He had a reputation for causing trouble, even when he was what the teacher kept an eye on him?
paragraph	John didn't double space or use line breaks.  As a result, it was impossible to make out breaks between his what.
suffer pain	What do people try to avoid?
control events	He didn't believe fate controlled situations, what did he believe people did?
being tired	If you are jogging all day what is likely to happen?
understood	Everyone feels a little lost sometimes, they just need someone to listen and to be what?
bad karma	What is someone likely to experience after hurting someone else even if they are not caught?
much work	Why might some graduates choose not to be attending school later in life?
landfill	Where is tin stored forever?
period of rest	The couple had been copulating seemingly non stop, eventually they finally had a what?
go far	If you choose to fly in an airplane, it normally means you have to?
store	Where is not likely to organize with a card catalog?
fearful	What might a person be if they watch a horror movie?
story book	Where can a child learn about the adventures of a talking monkey?
cordoba	100 centavos make a?
pta	His mother took his schooling very seriously and wanted to be the president of what group?
sporting event	What could a fan watch?
paper money	Billy didn't make change for John, in spite of the resolution,  because John used his phone instead of what?
ground	Where would you see footprints that happen due to the formation of an impression?
supermarket	Where can many a soup be purchased?
binge drinking	After working overtime and double shifts he was cashing in, that weekend he would celebrate and relax with some unhealthy what?
coffee cup	A person made coffee using hot water and coffee grounds, now where should he pour it?
restaurant	What is another name for eatery?
body	Where does illness happen?
plethora	Being used to the lack of diversity in the suburbs, what shocked the new world traveler about the kinds of food there were?
helicopter	The rotor was very loud and moved a lot of air, but it was how the what was able to lift straight up?
strong emotion	The artist felt creating art was more than just making a picture, he felt his work had to evoke what?
pay attention	The drive was full of obstacles, he really had to what?
sky	James was hiking through a desert when he looked up and saw some birds above him.  Where might the birds have been?
first rate	Despite numerous bad public reviews the expert found the product to be what?
tidal waves	If I'm on the water after an earthquake, what should I be on the look out for?
surf net	What do millenials do when they experience boredom?
ream	The company printer was out of paper, so the IT guy went and got another what?
become old	What happens to people over time?
hard work	The father was sick of his lazy son, what did he encourage in him from there on out?
own house	Where would you find a basement with children playing in it?
suitcase	If you're not staying, where would you keep your shirt?
joyful	What is the furthest emotion away from unhappy?
socialize	What is it called when you spend time with friends and acquaintances?
great outdoors	Where could you find an actual weasel?
communication	What will always happen after taking phone call?
satisfaction	Grooming ones self is know to increase this, by generally increasing self-esteem?
water	James bought an ipod so that he could listen to music.  It was delicate electronics, so he didn't plan to take it where?
library	Where is someone looking for a job likely to find a computer?
open country	Where does a bald eagle like to fly?
crash	The computer stopped working, even though John tried his best. What happened to it?
obesity	What can be the result of too much lunch too often?
getting information	Susan was attending a meeting of the KKK, even though she did not believe in their cause.  Why might she have been doing so?
cabin	Where is a fireplace likely to be a heat source?
sharing information	If I needed help with answering questions, what would help me?
lacerations	While he was falling into a pile of broken glass, what did he fear?
garments	Silk is used to make high quality what?
working	Even when one of the slaves dropped dead on the line the rest were forced to keep what?
less dense than water	Why does wood float?
throw things	What will children do with dodge balls?
ardor	James enjoyed listening to music, especially for rock.  The genre stirred his emotions.  What emotions did it probably stir?
plant	What do animals eat?
apartment complex	Though advertised as pet friendly her new what she was moving to wouldn't allow her small dog?
room temperature	What kind of water comes from a faucet?
national emblem	The bald eagle serves as what for America?
hollywood	She wanted to be a star, so where did she move?
complete test	The student sat in the quiet classroom with a piece of paper in front of them, what where they working on?
entertain	The child was complaining of boredom, so his dad began to goof around to do what?
pass class	He looked at his report card and felt pride, what was accomplished?
own house	Where do people usually feel the most comfortable?
bridge	A John is a bum.  Much like the stereotype, he lives near this sort of transportation infrastructure. Where does he live?
workplace	Billy was a human being who spent time doing something called a job. Where might a job be done?
safe deposit box	How can a person ensure their jewelry is safe in a hotel room?
furniture store	She needed a new night table, what does she need to visit to get one legally?
attraction	What causes people to initially begin flirting?
have money	What is required to go on vacation before anything else?
office supply store	John wants to buy a writing instrument and paperclips. Where would be go?
neighborhood	Where is likely to have a family owned barber shop?
drawer	The teacher was arranging and sorting papers at her desk, needing paper clips she opened up the left what?
closet	Where can you store a book you won't need for a while nearby to fabric items you wear?
look better	How is clothing better after getting in shape?
street	What becomes wet and dangerous when it rains?
tool kit	What might a saw be part?
knowledge	What familiarity would one have for more remembering?
lights	The janitor had to climb high in the rafters of the auditorium, he was replacing the stage whats?
table	Where is a dish usually used?
bad smell	What do people like least about farting?
descend	As the counterweight began to rise the elevator began to what into the mine?
will have to wait	If you're standing in queue for something you can't do anything about it, you just what?
jewelry store	Where would you get a chain if you do not have one?
food poisoning	Why is a person eating hamburger that is not cooked likely to become ill?
enjoyable	The people danced to the music, what was the music like for them?
shirt pocket	Where is a man likely to keep his sunglasses?
city	Where could you find more than one ticket office, of different types?
monitor	He never used window cleaner on his screen, he had heard it wasn't good for cleaning his computer's what?
promise to help	What do you do when your friend needs someone to help them move next week?
barber shop	Who is likely to use a comb?
shelf	Where would you put a board game after you finish using it?
teach another	The person wanted to share his knowledge, so what did he do?
time	Finding information requires what other than research materials?
morgue	Where would you find a head that does not move?
heartburn	What can be the result of having an unhealthy lunch?
restaurant	If a restaurant want to serve spirits appropriately, what does it likely require?
refrigerator	Where would someone find it odd to discover bread?
pay attention	While working he injured himself, his coworker said he should do what more?
computer store	His system wouldn't boot, he decided to buy a whole new one where?
new york	The audience recognized the filming location.  Where might it have been filmed?
making friends	The man practiced his communicating skills before the large event, he was new to the city and planned on doing what?
post office	Where might I find a mailbox and also buy stamps?
larger family	All the siblings just kept reproducing with their husbands and wives, this led to a what?
ore	What mineral is dug up to smelt in to iron?
south	In what area is the use of an air conditioner more common?
burrow	Where does a marmoset feel safest?
cabinet	Where can a television be stored and hidden?
laughter	Surprising a baby while playing peek-a-boo will cause them to what?
space shuttle	Sam listened for instructions from the ground on the radio.  Where might have Sam been?
aunt's house	My uncle was getting a divorce, where did he leave?
carved	What can be done to ice in order to give it a desired shape?
become tired	What does jumping rope make you?
carpet	Mold on what will lead to a smelly room?
giggling	A person tickling someone else knows they are getting close to a very ticklish spot when they start to hear what sound?
jar	Sarah filled the thing with peanuts.  What did she fill with peanuts?
cross road	What would a human do if they want to get to a store that he or she can see?
normal	She found the trend quite odd, but it seemed that this was the new what?
irritability	Awaking in the middle of the night may cause what?
cute	What is one word people use to describe puppies?
garage	Old refrigerators can often be stored where when not in use?
have fun	WHy do young people like to driving car?
concentrate	If you must remember facts for a test you must do what while studying?
not fat	What do you have to be to run after ball fast?
relaxation	Why would you like to listen to someone playing violin?
read book	What do parents encourage kids to do when they experience boredom?
stumbling	Why would someone be unable to walk in a line after getting drunk?
express yourself	Why do you create art?
eat fruit	They say a person should do what if they want something sweet and healthy?
free mind	James wanted to know the truth because questions were weighing on him.  Learning would give him what?
hotel room	You'll likely have a kitchenette in what place where you sleep away from home?
slowly	The hare traveled fast but got cocky, so though the tortoise traveled how it won the race?
put down	Joe began setting the cup on the table after Bill asked him to do what to it?
religiosity	Attending church and praying are examples of what?
use money	How do people trade for services or goods?
school	Where can a child go to get in lines with other children?
throwing up	Why would you go to a bathroom after drinking alcohol?
satisfaction	What would happen if you win after playing a game?
attempt to fly	The bird is young and still nesting, what is it likely to do soon?
bowl	In a lot of Asian restaurants food is eaten in a?
own house	What is the closest place to eat when you are not out on the town?
motion	John saw a pair of disembodied lips floating towards him.  He was hypnotized by their what?
stay put	If someone doesn't want to move where they live they are often said to want to what?
playing around	The two were wrestling, having fun and what?
bath tub	She had taken her ring from her finger and placed it on the windowsill so she wouldn't get it wet while she was in what?
get angry	What do people do when they are in a fight?
air	What can insects jump through?
traffic jams	Too many people driving causes what?
falling in love	They said they started what at first sight, well before their first kiss?
toy store	Where can a child get a wagon?
have moved	The extra was told to stop standing in the scene, stating the director's cameras what?
hang up	The mother tried to call the babysitter, but the babysitter panicked and did what?
very dangerous	Why are guns not allowed in some areas?
on planet earth	Where do almost all humans live?
palpitations	What happens to a living thing when tehy have heart problems?
accelerate	what happens when a train leaves the station?
eternal	What kind of life is not acknowledged in the secular world?
increase of temperature	John notices that the solution is getting warm.  This is an expected consequence of what?
occasionally	Billy often eat hamburgers, but he did not always have then with cheese.  Billy are cheeseburgers more often than some people, but less often than others.  You could say that it was something he did only when?
do business	The two conglomerates decided to reach  tentative agreement to what?
carpet	Where is dust likely to be under?
anything	If the world is materials, what is it made out of?
let go of	His hands were shaking as he was setting cup on table, he was worried he would what the cup if he tried to drink?
popcorn	What crunchy treat do many people have at a movie theater?
refund	If your payroll tax amount is too much you'll get what from the IRS?
inspiration	If I am attending a self-help lecture, what am I hoping to accomplish?
inspired	Someone who creates art is very?
stumbling	In his head he was giving an eloquent pick up line, but in reality he was doing what over his words?
let down	What does a human feel when their friends ditch tehm?
wall	Where is all  plumbing found in most houses?
enjoyed	If you tape a television show to watch it again then you what when you watched it the first time?
guard house	Where might a large dog live?
loose	Sarah told him to make sure that the bundle was tight. Some fell out because it was what?
mistrust	What leads a person to check up on someone else when they are working?
possessing more	Some people just keep on buying things, showing that they have a pathological need to do what?
excrete	Cats mark their territories, they do this by a spray they what?
music store	A percussion instrument can be obtained in what sort of place?
being late	If you're waiting for traffic for a long time you might be what arriving to work?
sporting event	Where do people sit outside on bleachers?
school yard	What is a soccer field at a school next to?
ride horses	What do children like to do on a ranch?
humdrum	Danny thought that the show was divine.   Lila disagreed.  She didn't think it was bad, but she thought it was what?
misunderstandings	When learning language, people often don' t know which word to use, or pick the wrong ones by accident.  This can cause what?
office building	The workers passed through the lobby, what building were they in?
stockpile	What do you do to weapons when you want to gather them?
unimportant	He put in a mighty effort to his solution, but a better one was discovered making his what?
thinking	James was contemplating the research results.  What was James doing?
increased workload	How does applying for job while working impact someone?
tool shed	Where is a drill not being used likely to be found?
bathroom	John rushed into his house and threw off his pants. He desperately needed to use which part of the house?
see king	In the children's book the cat was a great knight, it had finished its quest and was returning to the castle to what?
listen	He had a passion for music, he could what all day?
photosynthesis	The plants are hungry, what do they need to do for satiation?
introduced	Sam thought that James was a native, because of how Lane did what to James?
derivative	There is very little original art these days.  How might most art be described?
enjoyable	The human always would have fun making up questions for the A.I. overlords, he found the task quite what?
park	Where might someone play with a frisbee?
mixed drinks	If you order mixed drinks "on the rocks" you will get what in your drink?
pizza	Where could you put some olives if you want to cook them?
northern hemisphere	A european red fox roams in the wild, what side of the earth is it likely on?
man's hat	What article of apparel or accessory is typically made of felt?
office supply store	Where would you get a marker if you do not have one?
getting food	What are you doing if you are fishing?
water fountain	Where would you see some civilians standing in a line inside?
weather report	What would you use to find out if there will be a cloud in the sky?
kitchen	Where is a small house likely to have a table?
winery	What's the place every grape wants to go in the end?
at hotel	Billy took his desk lamp with him wherever he went.  He needed the lighting and didn't trust the lights at what places?
california	What is the largest state with a coast in the US?
temperate climate	What is best for a rosebush?
meadow	Where do animals frolick?
gymnasium	Every dribble echoed loudly, it was part of the experience of playing basketball in an empty what?
classroom	Where do people go to gain knowledge?
countryside	The crossroads were deserted of traffic, where was it located?
grandmother's house	Plenty of love, candy and a small dog always awaited them, so the children always loved visiting where?
fairy tale	A homeless person asked Jim for advice.  Jim wasn't religious, but he told the person something that he remembered.  What might he have told the person?
closet	Where in a kitchen do you keep a cup?
movie	What kind of performance can be viewed on a DVD?
movies	You can buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching what?
friendships	His therapist said he had to get out there and begin socialising, it was the only was to start what?
garage	Where would you keep a cardboard box full of car parts?
death	After someone lives a life what happens?
office building	The ground floor of what structure would contain workers in suits and ties?
chemistry lab	Where could you be most likely to find containers with hydrogen?
library	Billy is an archaeologist. He looks for information about ancient human civilization. What is something that he might enjoy finding?
wasting time	The man has much to do, but was watching tv, what was he doing?
patience	What does getting in line for a long time require in a person?
leg cramps	What is likely to cause pain when going for a run?
ante up	He sat down at the table to play poker, to join the hand he had to what?
hiding place	What is a marmot likely to be good at finding?
airplane	The final boarding group was called, once everybody was in their seat the what could depart?
corner	James looked for an out of the way spot for his new floor lamp. Where might he have put it?
pocket	Where would you put a writing instrument if you are a man and want to bring it with you?
library book	Two bookends were on the shelf.  They supported a line of what?
church	The electricity went out, and people couldn't see during worship, where were they?
breathe	Sarah's birds died because she didn't poke holes in the jar and they needed to do what?
dog	Snoopy thought Charlie wanted to play fetch, but Charlie was just treating his pet what for fleas?
volunteer	What is a great way for teens to build character and pad their resume?
live life	If one is without happiness, what might they not be experiencing and need to do?
tool box	Billy needed his hammer, so he looked where?
sitting still	The young boy was scared to dance, he found a corner of the auditorium and spent the whole evening doing what?
dream of freedom	What does a prisoner likely have?
go to high school	John was 15 and this was the first year he would get to do what?
enjoyment	What is someone likely to experience when having fun?
pack	When you go on vacation what do you have to do with things you want to take with you?
sky	Where do you look to see a meteor?
plasticulture	I want to create something new, what do I need?
bus depot	Many people take public transportation and can be found waiting where?
stadium	The toilet was filthy with overuse and drunken use, where was it located?
liquid	What is generally stored in a container can?
meeting people	A single person is going to a party of other singles, what do they want to do?
restaurant	They decided to have desert after their meal, they chose chocolate cake from the desert tray at the what?
buying	If you need an item is it a good idea to wait for a sale before what?
pain	Playing basketball through an injury was his only choice, there was no way he was missing the big game so he would just have to ignore the what?
hunting lodge	It was a crude building with drafting floors, so all  the friends slept high in lofts while at the remote what?
overspending	Joe found that shopping  was dangerous for him.  Even though he had a great job, or maybe because of it, he found himself doing this a great deal. There were always funds left over, but not enough for his taste.  What was he doing when he was shopping?
eye contact	When talking to someone what should you maintain?
windows	Large trucks can fling rocks on the highway, this can be trouble for cars and their whats?
planting	What does a person begin to do after a deer has eaten their rosebush?
control panel	On what would you use a knob to change settings?
warm house	What effect did the sun have on the residents inside?
taste sweet	Why would you eat fruit?
ship goods	How can a company get things to their customers?
thorough	John only gave a perfunctory examination of the corpse, though he did everything required of him.  He missed the real cause of death.  He wouldn't have if he had been more what?
filled	What happens to your bladder when you drink a lot of water?
response	James didn't like communicating with mail.  He didn't like waiting for what?
bankruptcy	Buying products is difficult, even impossible, if you experience what?
shopping bags	If you buying a potato, carrots, strawberries and bananas, how would you carry them home?
community	The condominium has public recreational areas, what was the purpose of these?
utah	Which state still has wild bald eagles?
party	What do you have to clean up after a party?
entertainment	Lilly enjoyed watching films before bed. They were her favorite form of what?
classroom	The children loved their pet weasel.  The teacher came every weekend to make sure it was fed and watered and exercised.  Children from all over the school came to visit the weasel.  Where did they come?
food consumed	What is required for an organism to continue living?
tickle	The children were making each other laugh, they did this via what?
haystack	Where is someone not likely to find a needle?
rain water	What falls out of the sky but is generally well received?
football stadium	Where do you sit in bleachers and watch large men run?
pocket	John's took his appointment book with him to a checkup but couldn't find it anywhere. He looked and he looked but he didn't know where it was.  It wasn't until he bought a new one, went home, took a shower that he found it.  Where was it?
back alley	Where does a city cat live?
table	Where do you keep salt when you're about to have a meal?
give	The woman decided to take a penny from the pot.   Before  her a man decided to do what?
england	John goes to the booking office and books a flight to a place that is notoriously foggy, where they like tea, and that is ruled by a Queen.  Where is John going?
chair	On what can you relax in your bedroom other than your bed?
fairy tale	A handsome prince is a stock character common to what?
away from	The child was taken against its will and what the parents?
supermarket	Where do the people find milk for sale?
floor	Billy set of the chairs on what surface?
become adult	When a child reaches thier late teens what happens?
bored	their dad told the kids to play games, he didn't like seeing them all just sitting around looking what?
create	Sam felt that he only had the power to destroy.  He was scared when he learned that Jane was pregnant.  He was surprised that he could do what?
illness	She felt like she was getting a cold, she was not looking forward to this what?
cabinet	What type of door are canned good usually kept behind?
breathlessness	What is not a reason that you would want to be going for run?
neighborhood	What is a group of bungalows in a small area?
ballpark	He couldn't have peanuts or cracker jacks because of his allergies, but he still had fun where?
australia	What is an example of a continent?
peace	While visiting a museum what feeling may you have looking at paintings of pastoral scenes?
human body	Where could you find an organ that cannot be played?
high school or college	James was a senior. He was looking forward to talking a year off once he was finished.  Where might James be?
underground	Most building are located overground, not?
courtroom	Where are you if the person next to you has a briefcase and you're accused of a misdeed?
purchasing	She wasn't just out windows shopping, she was filling up her cart and doing what?
pronoun	What type of word do you use as a preposition to someone?
feelings	What is often stirred up in a person when playing violin?
well	He lowered and raised the bucket but it was empty, the what had run dry?
mansion	The drawing room was a central feature of the palatial estate, where was it located?
supermarket	He worked in the back unloading large container from delivery trucks, they always had food in them because he worked where?
feel proud	What would happen to a person if he or she achieved something?
eat food	What always happens when you are having lunch?
movies	What is something that studios spend a lot of money on?
lawyer	Who is someone you might need when you are stopping being married to spouse?
regret	Jim stopped talking phone calls because he didn't want to talk with his family. It was too painful and he felt too much what?
buy things	Why do people spend money?
front door	If you're not leaving a home through the window, how would you leave?
waiting	What happens when standing in queue?
seattle	What city is known for rain?
movie theatre	The air conditioning went out during a film, and the clientele walked out due to discomfort, what were they leaving?
machines	Dan wondered where those ball bearings came from.  Ball bearings are used in what sort of thing?
great joy	After the guy is successful in cashing in his check, what does he feel?
buy	One way to please parents is to be able to do this to a house?
aggravation	What does reading newspapers nowadays lead to?
fish market	If I want to buy a lot of crab for dinner what sort of specialty location might I visit?
spread wings	What would a bird do if it wanted to scoop up more air?
basement	If I have an excess ottoman with no place to put it, where should it go?
disappointed	The person was glad that his father had helped him.   If his father wasn't there, he'd have been what?
wait in line	What would a person do if he or she wants to buy something at a store?
die	She sure didn't have a green thumb, every time she thought she was making grow something it would what?
social life	If you're going out often and talking to a lot of people you have an active what?
spring into action	The person knew what he had to do to achieve his dreams, so what did he do?
school campus	Daryl is 16 years old  and he's on a football team. Where is his team's home football field most likely located?
college campus	The fraternity preferred working out at the gymnasium, where was this located?
vegetable soup	What is a  good way to eat a potato?
ticket booth	From where do you buy a train ticket in person?
calm	After being in shock, he settle and felt what?
coffeepot	The plastic handle broke away and the hot liquid spilled everywhere when the what hit the ground?
biology laboratory	Where would you find fungus in a university?
have talent	To go on stage after the audition you could definitely say you what?
wasteland	All the movies always portray gasoline as the commodity, but he was convinced a garden would be the most valuable in a what?
celebrate	It was satisfying seeing idea become reality, after years of work he finally could what?
gilded	When someone covers wood thinly with gold metal, they have done what to it?
war	The general apologized for the confusion that led to loss of soldiers' lives. so what was happening that cause the deaths?
sporting event	Where is an athlete likely to be showcased by local fans?
join	What is the opposite of dissociate with someone?
shoes and socks	What do most people have on their feet?
missouri	What state has a city called columbia?
relax	She put on some soft music, she just wanted to do what at the end of the day?
battlefield	When helping soldiers in the middle of fighting, where do medics practice practice their craft?
music class	Where might someone learn about a piccolo?
direct traffic	What can a police officer do if power is out?
enlightenment	If I am creating art and have completed it to satisfaction, what is my feeling?
air	Where is a frisbee in play likely to be?
canon	Where is a ball projectile shot out of?
cross road	What would a person do if he or she sees his or her friend nearby?
anxiety	If someone is sitting quietly and biting their nails, what may they be experiencing?
work area	What could there be near an excavation site?
fairgrounds	Where would you eat lots of fried foods on a stick?
finish college	After four long years he would no longer be a student, what had he been able to do?
resistant	Sarah was sensitive to sunlight, so she wore thick sunscreen to make herself waht?
casino	Where would be the most likely place to find gamblers?
make others happy	What is a person dressed as a clown hoping to accomplish?
getting food	If someone needs to eat what should they be doing?
kiss	Being in love, John and Betty did what when they were alone together?
cloy	The banana was green and full of sugar.   Bart took a bite and immediately felt what?
oven	The meat was ready to cook, it needed to go in where for at least four hours?
friendships	John finds that understanding the people around him better leads to deeper what?
drink water	The person was thirsty, what should he have done?
catching fish	He called his friend to go fishing, but his friend surprised him by saying he was already out there what?
cut there	His hair was getting long enough that it could be put in a ponytail, so he headed to this place to have what happen?
river	Where do salmon fish spawn?
office	Where is a ring binder likely to contain budgets?
restaurant	John left his plates secure in his belief that someone else would get it and went out with a full belly.  Where was john eating?
school library	The bookend was on a shelf in what location?
floor	Sally had two dogs, so he put newspaper somewhere.  Where did he put it?
roof	A squirrel will run across what to get from one gutter to another?
kalahari desert	John wanted to take pictures of wild gazelle. Where might he go to find one?
water	There was a bacteria scare, so bleach was added to the well what?
amazon basin	The sloth heard portuguese being spoken nearby and cowered, where was the sloth?
vision	Sam was a sound engineer.  He was good at the job, because sound was how he understood the world.   What might Sam have lacked?
hotel room	When you're away on a business trip where can you take a bath?
sore feet	After walking a dog for a long time what do you have?
study literature	If a person wanted to become a good writer what should they do in college?
get tired	Sam was a short distance runner. He couldn't do long distances.  What might happen if he tried long distances?
feel humiliated	The person was exposed as a liar, so what happened as a result?
earn money	What is the main goal of work outside of the home?
encyclopedia	What collection of writing would you be able to look up what a sloth is?
home office	He was looking at the price of ink, it seemed buying a whole new printer was more cost effective for his what?
pick berries	The birds were looking around in August, what were they looking to do?
refrigerator	If a person wants to make sure their lemonade is the most refreshing, where might they store it?
write letter	What is the least aggressive way to show anger?
sky	Where would someone be likely to see a moving airplane?
restaurant	He grew tired of standing in the kitchen his whole shift, where was he?
affluent	A person who is well off is said to be what?
weather	What is rain a type of?
airport	John wrote a religions tract and decided to give them away.  He felt that he should go somewhere where he could reach a large and diverse group from many places.  Where is he likely to distribute his tracts?
lost	He borrowed a metal detector to try to find his ring that he what while pulling weeds?
inebriation	What always happens after drinking alcohol?
orchestra	Where might a conductor flail his arms in the air while he faces people?
smile	What kind of facial expression would the audience have if they liked watching someone perform?
good sleep	What could happen after going to bed that could be either good or bad?
adverse reaction	What might someone not wanting to have someone talking to them have to a talkative person.?
guilty conscience	Committing the murder wore on the man, because of his what he swore he could still hear the man's heart beating?
males	In many species of animal the whats are the dominate ones?
landfill	Where could you find a broken keyboard?
believe in god	A computer can process information and even choose, but it can't do what?
jungle	James looked for koalas, but misunderstood and went to the wrong environment.  Where is it impossible to find koalas?
cupboard	You keep things you eat that do not need to be kept cold on a shelf inside of what?
written on paper	The child had learned music by ear, he had never even seen it what?
bleeding	His shot was bad and he found himself stabbing to death the buck, it was what everywhere?
fun to play	Why do parents encourage their kids to play baseball?
neighborhood	The bungalow overlooked a sidewalk and welcomed spontaneous interaction, where was it located?
point	If someone has a head they will also have the ability to what?
bar	Because of foot rails coming loose, he always kept a screwdriver behind the what?
china cabinet	Where is a good place to keep a saucer you don't use but want to look at?
people to listen	What are you hoping will happen when talking?
plant seeds	What is the first thing a farmer must do to start a crop?
victory	The general saw that by taking the hill, he was reaching advantage, what was the likely result of such a move?
exceptional	What is a genius likely to be in all subjects?
french fries	The potato was sliced and  fried by the cook, what was he looking to make?
best things in life	What is a very happy person likely to have?
satisfaction	She had finally saved enough spending money to buy exactly what her goal was, it gave her great what?
school	The bathroom was dirty and messy.  It was cleaned every day, but it was always full of water and pee by morning.  Where is the bathroom located?
gorgeous	What does an ugly girl want to become?
bruise	He was the victim of a random punching, what did he find on his body?
plants	If somebody wanted to start a garden they would put seeds in the ground, then watering them would be making grow what?
dangerous	The guide told them to be very safe in this section, the bears in this are were very what?
michigan	Where would a specific place for a delicatessen be?
educational	Video games can be quite fun and entertaining, but some are actual good for kids and what?
ground	Where do plants usually start?
confession	Man is reading the bible before talking to a priest, what is he likely to do?
begin school	What does a child do after the summer is over?
canada	What is a northern country where one might find a bald eagle preserve?
belittlement	John's know that friends didn't respect him. Every day he suffered what at their hands?
incompetent	HOw do you describe a bad real estate agent?
disaster	A hurricane can create what when it plows through a city?
stream	Other than a refrigerator or a market where would you find fish?
side of road	Where will you find an automobile that has broken down?
table	James hates his rug but his wife insisted he display it.  As a compromise, he put it under something. What might have he put it under?
rural area	If there is a pond with tall building around it, where is it unlikely to be?
expect company	The host lit up as the doorbell finally rang, he was to obviously what?
las vegas	Where can you visit hundreds of dentist?
circus	What kind of performance has lions and elephants and acrobats?
choking	What happens when you eat hamburger too fast without swallowing?
being done against	James loved violence and used it all the time.  But he changed his tune when it was him that it was what?
grown ups	Some envy children's bliss, meanwhile some children wish they were what so they could do anything they want?
cemetary	Where do spirits haunt outside?
good things	What is the opposite of what will happen if you're lying constantly?
frustration	Applying for job after job is part of the grind, but when no calls come back it can lead to what?
grass	You can use a stick to swat at what growing in a field?
post office	Where would computers be used for sorting?
alabama	A lot of people play the fiddle in what state which comes first alphabetically?
please	HOw do you ask someone to entertain you ?
pain	What may your feet experience if you're standing in line for hours?
warm place	What kind of area does a cat typically enjoy?
backyard	Where could you find a pit that is burned?
health problems	What do eating hamburgers in excess lead to long term?
kitchen	John wanted to get grapes so he went where?
start	The racers were about to compete, the referee told them to all line up at the what?
classroom	If you get your paper back marked with corrections, where are you?
night sky	Where are you likely to see many stars?
gymnasium	Where do you use a ball for exercise?
gas	If you have beans while eating breakfast you may experience what?
send	What is the last thing to do when replying to something?
choice	Sarah didn't want to do bad, but she felt she didn't have what?
texas	Sam lives in a ranch house, which is a bit of a sterotype where he lives.  Everyone from out of state thinks he's a cowboy.  Where might he live?
falling asleep	She was going to bed at 11 at night, what was she looking to do?
dentist's office	Where are you likely to receive mouthwash in a little paper cup?
apartment	Where might someone need a small table?
stomach	Where is the flu likely to result in illness?
rainbow	The little girl smiled and pointed out the big what?
synagogue	He lit another candle in the Menorah, everybody at the what watched?
having fun	Why would someone be playing basketball?
new york	What could have millions of revolving door?
skyscraper	A business on the 110th floor is in what kind of structure?
rocky mountains	Bald eagles can be spotted more often in the northern versus the southern reaches of what range?
mountain	What is a type of hill?
become water	What  is likely to happen to ice in the sun?
office building	Where do executives sit on the top floor?
mix	When people social at a bar, the bartender will often do what to the cocktails they serve?
cash register	Where is likely a safe place to keep money?
lamb	What is a sheep called during its first year of life?
suffering pain	What happens to people, including their stomach, if they do not eat enough food?
loosely	When you tie a bow, how is it tied?
fire	What is likely to be a heat source in a log cabin?
basement	He always wanted a man cave, but with the sofa bed it doubled as a guest room down in the what?
play sports	What do athletes do?
doorway	Where would you grab an object contained by a doorway?
gathering information	Studying requires using multiple sources to do what that allows you to complete the project?
selling food	When people own restaurants, what are they doing?
opera	Where would you see a conductor and performers singing in German?
concert hall	Her and her harp took center stage, it would be her first performance where?
sweat	Running is a great workout, it really works up a what?
travel	Birds are animals that do a lot of what?
unknowable	Why do you need faith in religion?
mountain stream	This is probably too shallow for a canoe.  What is this?
delays	The tickets were supposed to arrive by 1AM, but Sally had been standing in queue for the concert since midnight and it was now 2AM and the line hadn't moved.  Why was this?
frame	She was famous for her needlepoint, this one was going to be round so she grabbed her round wooden what?
attic	He had to climb a ladder and get through a lot of dust to find the family photos up where?
hunger	Having lunch seemed like the logically thing to do, this was because he was feeling what?
wine	What form of alcohol is made from grapes?
orchestra	Where would you be able to hear a bassoon played in a very pleasing fashion?
arguments	Randy was not doing housework.   His wife was raising two children, and this only increased her workload. It put her under a lot of stress.  What might this lead to?
drug store	Where is someone likely to purchase a double edged razor?
laziness	If you spend most of your time resting you may be what?
museum	where do you go to see most statues?
rest up	What does someone say when they tell you to go to sleep?
aim	He won a prize for hitting bottle, he had very good what?
school building	Where would art books likely to be found on a shelf or two?
store	Billy put the product on display.  He thought that he was a great attraction that would bring people where?
tree trunk	If it isn't on the ground where is a lizard likely to be found?
pleasure	What is learning about the world and good in it likely to cause?
container	Where would you put condiments to stop them from combining with other condiments?
meeting	What is ti called when people at work get together to exchange information?
churchyard	Where did many municipalities have their cemetery?
facing each other	How are people typically positioned in an interview?
tube	What can you store silicone in?
tape	Recording somethign on an old answering machine required you to put what inside of it?
win money	At the casino I end up playing cards, what is a reason I would do this?
dishearten	What is likely to be the feeling of someone who does not feel they have been empowered?
suffer pain	If you hit a person with a stick, it is likely that they will do what?
downtown	A human wants to go shopping in a dense urban area.  Where might be a good place for a person to go shopping?
hesitation	Sarah was contemplating her fate.  She didn't  know what Dane had planned for her, but she knew that when something happened she couldn't do what?
better themselves	Why do some people quit work and go back to school for?
teach	Josh loved to learn.  Because of that, his mother put in effort to do what to him?
friend	James was a stranger to them, but to me he was what?
feel pain	What does an animal do when it becomes old?
thick forest	What would easily hide a snake?
being laughed at	She was always falling on the ice in comical ways,  what was she growing sick of?
illumination	Lighting a match in a dark tunnel is most likely for what?
casino	I have a lot of money and a need to visit a desert, where is my likely destination?
warm hands	A person is cold, how can the fire help them.
liquid	The matter in side a can of soda is in what state?
office building	Lawyers often lease where?
free time	An employer would prefer your planning vacation take place during what?
cellar	John wanted to clean the mold out of his house.  Where might he check for mold?
relationship	They were having an affair. They didn't really care that it would harm his wife.  All they  cared about was their what?
concert	James didn't know what drugs he did.  They were being passed around and he just took one.  It was the last time he would go to such a wild what?
stress	What kind of heart test might you have while having a check up?
insights	The man enjoyed sitting quietly by himself, he felt it helped him come up with his best what about things?
better grades	Studying is the most effective what to get what?
flashlight	What is a portable light source called?
reluctance	She had an alacrity for anything life threw her way, but when it came to relationships she had some what?
chuck	You need a sharp blade to cut through a piece of?
feeling better	How should a person's health improve after getting in shape?
better communication	Teddy liked learning languages.  He helped him with what?
number 1	A person might have their right-hand man, they could also be referred to as what digit?
humane society	What is a wonderful place to get a cat?
death	What is the worst result of smoking?
bathroom	The non slip mat was designed to be soft and collect water, there were two of them in the what?
apartment	Where will you find more than one door?
curiosity	Seeing old things made him what to explore more, it made him very what?
california	The ficus tree isn't native to the state of actors and surfers but you can find them where?
pain and suffering	When love is not reciprocated, what are the feelings that are involved?
own home	Where are people usually most comfortable?
accomplish	If you're telling many people about tasks you perform you have what?
ohio	Billy owned the finest clothing store in the midwest.  Where might Billy live?
fish tank	The water was transferred with the fish in it, where did the fish end up?
pocket	Where would you put some pennies that you plan to use soon?
lie down	What are cats that have found sunlight likely to do?
jail	Where does someone convicted of a petty crime likely spend time?
fulfilled	The person worked hard and achieved his goals and got to feel what?
insight	When someone is watching a film that is a documentary, what are they hoping to gain?
guard house	If geese are invading a secure installation from where will they be spotted first?
wallet	Where do you keep a credit card?
provide shelter	After being shipwrecked, Robinson relied on the huge tree to do what?
revenge	Lance was a hothead, but he was getting better.  He removed himself from the situation and spent some time cooling off.  He didn't need what?
active	His outward demeanor was one of appearing lazy, but his imagination was what?
cafe	Where can humans have a cup of coffee or a sandwich?
prepare	He always had an excuse for why he didn't eat more vegetables, he claimed with baked potatoes he didn't know how to what them?
county	If a city has a courthouse, what is it considered a government seat of?
millions of cells	What are plants made out of?
roof	Where would you be unlikely to find bugs?
sky	The bird flies up in what?
getting cold	If you're skiing without warm clothes you're likely to experience what?
own home	Where might someone keep personal soap?
office block	There's many places such as clerks, businesses, and more that a human can visit in a what?
fish lake	A person wanted a seafood dinner, so what did he decide to do?
high school band	A teenager that is playing a trumpet might be part of what group?
house	If a lantern is not for sale, where is it likely to be?
get sleepy	What might cause someone to stop driving a car?
bass guitar	A skill he has was being able to string bass, what else could he likely do?
swimming pool	Where can a human find dive in chlorinated dihydrogen monoxide?
misrepresent	You want a real estate agent that is straight forward with you, the last thing you want is for them to what a house's quality?
resort	The vacation price included the hotel and meals, that's why he picked this particular what?
good feeling	What does giving assistance give to someone?
bank	The revolving door had an emergency security lock because of all the money where?
weak	A person needing to rest often is often a sign of what?
farmer's market	Where can someone find the freshest green beans?
west	Which way is the pacific ocean from Nevada?
prompt	John was very slow.  His bosses thought that he could be ore what?
enjoy	Sarah was eating a hamburger.  She seemed to be okay.  She looked like she was doing what?
increased understanding	John loved talking to people about their feelings. He felt that this gave him something about them. What might it give him?
cause pain	The brothers were punching angrily, why would they do that?
large room	WHat is the size of the school cafeteria?
gas	He was eating too much cabbage and broccoli, what did eh suffer from as a result?
theatre	Where is someone likely to watch a show from a balcony?
cool off	The hot weather gave me a heatstroke, what did I need to do immediately to stay alive?
shelf	The pencil  fell to the floor.  John picked it up and put it back where it was.  Where did john put it?
town	Where can you find a few hundred or thousand apartment?
allergies	Jane was doing housework and started sneezing when she used a cleaning agent, what did the cleaner cause in her?
separate	The telephone is a way to connect what people?
fairytale	A weasel is cursed by a witch, where is the weasel stuck?
experience pain	What's one characteristic that separates a person from a stuffed dummy?
organization	What is a business leader likely to be in charge of?
dressing room	When someone is shopping for clothes at a store, where can they try them on and check themselves out in a mirror?
floral arrangement	What is a leaf pulled off of?
alcatraz	Many prison movies take place at what famous prison?
tree	where is a good place to get fresh wood?
horseradish	He was eating a roast beef sandwich on his sofa bed and spilled what spicy spicy sauce on it?
texas	Everything is bigger at a steak house where?
permitted	Bill would not allow Sam to built a new addition.  Sam protested that the construction was what?
afternoon	Some people are morning people, others don't get going until after lunch in the what?
let himself go	What does a person typically do when he is in a relationship?
restaurant	Bobby noticed that the silverware was plastic.  This was a turn off for him because it was so cheap.  Where might he have been?
terrarium	James was a weasel.  He lived in a warm place where he was surrounded by children.  Glass separated him from the  outside world.  He rested comfortably in his what?
pleasure	When giving assistance to family members in need you may feel what?
field	People went out drinking and threw bottles in the grass.  For that reason, there was a lot of broken glass where?
poisonous	Mercury building up in the bodies of certain fish can make them what?
headaches	Sam is getting something that he doesn't want.  What is he getting?
mouse trap	Where is cheese likely to be dangerous for some creatures?
loud noises	Why would you try to stop someone from playing violin?
congress	What group is likely to contain a human weasel?
prosecution	They were trying to explain why the defendant was guilty of obstructing justice, it was their job as the what?
walmart	Where would you get a washcloth if you do not have one?
welcome guests	The host of the party spent most of her time at the front door so she could what?
truck stop	He was on his first long haul and had gotten lost, he made sure to buy a map when he came across a what to stop at?
crucial	Light is what when trying to read?
deadly	Driving drunk is very stupid, it can even end up what?
oven	He was excitedly making bread with his sourdough starter, he watched intently as it began to rise inside the where?
move away from	The foreman told the new worker to stop standing in the way and to do what in regards to the dangerous equipment?
excitement	What might you feel if you're meeting a friend you haven't seen in a long time?
own factory	The company didn't have much manufacturing costs, because they used what?
question	If you wanted to confirm information that you had, you would do what to someone?
cover	What bounds a book?
fatigue	What may you experience after listening to a boring talk for a long time?
stall	What would happen to airplanes before they start falling down?
different	They say America is a melting pot, this is because the people are all what?
agility	What would you need for running in the Olympics but not for running outside?
vein	What carries blood toward the heart?
rug	The kids ate crackers as the played on the floor, afterwards their mother had to vacuum up all the what?
house	If I want more light sources while I am awake at night, where should I install them?
cooking pot	What is used to make beans into a drink?
hospital	Where is there usually more than one telephone?
wet clothes	What happens to someone wading while fishing?
apartment building	Residents socialized, played dice, and people smoked all at the busy landing of the what?
not feel pain	Why would a person take drugs?
movie	What do you see for entertainment on a screen?
coffee shop	Where are you if you have to order a cup of coffee?
fairgrounds	The cows were being judged, where were they?
dishwasher	What would you put a spoon into after you finish eating?
tiredness	After performing many physical tasks what will you likely experience?
burrow	The fox  wants to hide, where does it go?
gaining weight	What are the problems of eating and not exercising?
old	If you're look at a black and white photograph that isn't recent it is likely what?
books	A child can enjoy stories about a talking beaver in what communication item?
detachment	What is person probably feeling that plans on stopping being married to their spouse?
attic	Where are old pictures kept?
hockey game	Where might someone fall on ice?
cellar	John was cleaning out the old house.  while there was nothing upstairs, he found a bunch of old stuff somewhere else.  Where did he find stuff?
wallet	Where would a man carry a dollar bill?
michigan	Where is a blanket useful to cover a horse?
eat well	The best thing a person can do for their health is to exercise and what?
sewer	If you pour out garbage waste on the road to where will it wash away?
state	What is smaller than a country but larger than a city?
loquacious	The professor spoke in a reserved, conservative, and laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding?A
knife wounds	Joe found that he was stabbing a man to death.  He didn't expect to be doing that, he was just angry. He was scared of the consequences  Thecollapsed covered with what?
kitchen cabinet	Where is a good place to store a frying pan?
tramp	The child really enjoyed the movie, while she liked lady her brother liked who?
burn themselves	What happens when people touch a hot stove?
get somewhere	When you dont have a car you take the bus to?
operating room	where do you use medical instruments primarily?
bowling alley	There are usually seats behind a scoreboard in what place where you play an indoor sport?
refrigerator	A shelf holding things you eat that need to be kept cold would be inside what?
spain	You might hear someone say árbol de manzana instead of apple tree where?
sushi	If you bring home fish what food could you make?
creeks	Where is a snake not likely to go?
gain knowledge	What happens when people sucessfully learn a lesson?
stationery store	Where can you buy a letter opener along with high quality writing instruments?
contract	The companies had been working well together, so they decided to extend their working what?
exotic	Debbie doesn't want a plain dress, she wants something unusual and attention-getting.  What would be a good adjective to describe the sort of dress she wants?
enlightenment	What can you gain when reading a book about something you have little knowledge in?
stop worrying	Her child was in a competition and she couldn't relax, he friend told her to what?
livingroom	What room has coffee tables?
soft	How does the fur of a puppy feel after it takes a bath?
basement	The wine cellar needed a consistently cool and dark place, where should it be built?
go outside	The cats hovered by the exit ready to what?
upright	The teen had bad posture, he never stood what?
large city	Where is likely to have a popular delicatessen?
angry	The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he knew were fake, how did he feel?
progress	The construction manager was communicating to the concerned financiers of the building, what was he briefing them on?
hardware store	Where would you get a mailbox if you do not have one?
playfulness	What is a flirty person known for?
carnival	People can get junk food and play games during what?
container	What plastic item can you store dairy in?
rest area	Where is somewhere you stop to go to the bathroom when on the road?
sundown	They would strike at night, the order to rise was given when?
house	If one wants to breathe while they sleep, air needs to be inside of what?
town	A steak house was looking for a quaint place to operate, where did they open?
water fountain	Sarah pressed the button on the handle and took a sip.  What is she using?
fear	Billy couldn't get the hang of riding a horse.  He didn't like going fast because it made him feel something.  What did it make him feel?
testify	What might someone be doing that committing perjury would result in jail time?
friend's house	Where would you borrow coffee if you do not have any?
aquarium	What kind of box does a fish live in?
dexterity	If someone is fiddling with something what skill do they likely have?
car	He remembered his family road trips fondly, sitting in the back seat of the what and staring out the window?
frustration	Why wouldn't someone want to work in an office?
increased heart rate	The patient was getting healthier, the doctor said to start jogging to cause a what?
just do	How can I make time to exercise?
show	If I am a spectator at a movie theater, what am I likely watching?
go swimming	What would people do if they want to have fun?
ambulance	where do you use a tourniquet temporarily?
drawer	Where is generally a good place to store papers?
dispense	What could a machine help you with if you need some food?
show	What would you do with your plumbing to a plumber if it is broken?
becoming full	What will happen immediately after eating?
ashtray	What holds a lit cigarette when no one is around?
friend's house	Where might I re-home a well loved piece of furniture from college days?
enlightenment	Joe is a philosopher who spends his day listening to music. He finds that it evokes a mental state that opens his thoughts and brings him closer to obtaining what?
residential area	Where is a human likely to be when entering a condo?
two ears	The dog liked to be pet, especially on his floppy what?
pass out	After becoming inebriated, she laid down on a bench, what happened afterwards?
new york city	Where in America is known for theaters?
trigonometry	John doesn't understand triangles, but that's why he's taking the class on what?
rain water	What drops from clouds on a warm day?
feeling good	On an average day, going to work could make you feel like what?
get warm	If you're experiencing being cold, what is your goal likely to be?
low pay	Why does someone need to be doing housework themselves?
space shuttle	When someone points their transistor radio to the sky, what are they hoping to hear transmissions from?
baby carriage	If you have a small dog you can have it ride in what instead of walking?
michigan	Where might an American weasel live?
real estate	Sarah expected to a fortune on her new business.  However, she ended up going broke because no one could get money to buy.  What might her business have been?
go somewhere	If you're bored sitting at a friends home what should you do?
create art	What could you do to make money?
walk off	The man is drunk what does he do after the bar closes?
train station	Sam was picked up a group of travelers. They told him that they wanted to see the countryside.  Where might the travelers be going?
mistrial	If someone committed perjury, but the evidence was taken illegally, what might happen?
do research	In order to ensure accuracey when you write a term paper what must you do?
water fountain	Where could you find some plumbing that would be able to help you if you are thirsty?
study greek	what might an intelligent person do?
ignoble	The man's goals were noble, but his methods were what?
hospital	If I need to use a paper clip to hold medical papers together, where would I be?
vengeance	The people had destroyed his family, he was now killing people with what?
feeling guilty	He had been lying to many people, the lies caused problems and left him what?
celebrate	Billy was happy that you improved yourself.  He invited you to do what?
leak	The ceiling was soggy.  This suggested that the roof had what?
furniture store	Where would you go if you need an armchair?
japan	Where is the source of this steak house kobe?
happiness	What is likely the mood of those going to a party?
feel good	Why does someone want to get in shape?
horseradish	They made a mess eating on the sofa bed, they dripped a tangy what sauce all over it?
great sorrow	What does committing murder lead to in teh family of the murdered?
breathing	If you are drowning and people think you may not live they will be convinced otherwise when you start doing what again?
northern california	The cow farm was free range, it provided all the quality meat to t he bay area of where?
adore	He had decent disdain for the pop band, but that wasn't going to stop him from taking his daughter to see them because she absolutely what them?
raise children	What do you do after you reproduce?
new orleans	Joe stood in the balcony and watched the Mardi Gras parade go by.  Where is he most likely to be?
story book	Where can a talking bee be found?
michigan	What state is likely to have a county highway?
desk	Where can someone keep a small clock?
description	The statistician looked at the attribute but wanted more information, what did he want?
in europe	What kind of tour is someone likely to see the eiffel tower on?
linen closet	Where would a bathroom towel be found?
farmyard	The herding dog had ample room to run and play, he loved it at the what?
whiskers	What is likely long on a cat?
cross themselves	When Catholic people experience stress, what do they do?
watering can	You would hold what tool used to make plants wet by a handle?
bird cage	Where would you find a loose feather in your pet's home?
have energy	Why is eating breakfast the best meal of the day?
representative	Who can have the most influence on washington from a given county?
michigan	Where is someone likely to get cold on a balcony?
one winner	What is the outcome when two people are competing against each other?
disorientation	Why can drinking alcohol cause a car crash?
pair	John bought a new bookend for a shelf, but he was frustrated because he forgot that they were supposed to come in what?
college campus	There would be over a hundred thousand people at the football field that weekend, it was the most popular spot on the what?
feeling guilty	He had done wrong, he felt everybody judging him and began what?
large city	Indian restaurants can be found in many of these throughout the world. What are they?
better life	If a person works hard how is their situation improved?
back yard	Which lawn do people not care about as much since people don't see it?
home	What is a place that usually has a pillow but that you might not be able to see the pillow depending on where you are in it?
big house	What might a gentleman own and go inside of?
eat meat	Dogs are omnivores which mean they consume plants and what?
egypt	He was an expert in hieroglyphics, can you tell me the location of his excavation?
lower prices	When you fight inflation you expect to see what at stores?
book of stories	From where does a mother read a story to their child?
heart attacks	If you're spending too much time intensely jogging what can happen?
story book	Where could you find out about a cow that does not exist?
television	Where can someone get information in audio?
stress	When seeing people play a game and your team is loosing what might you feel?
porch	Young Timmy had a weak arm and could never quite land the newspaper all the way up on my what?
lower blood pressure	After taking measurements with an armband, the doctor recommended medicine for what purpose?
video game	Where could there be a battle that is not real?
further knowledge	If you need more information on a subject you can read books to what?
laundry room	John's kitchen sink was clogged.  He had other sinks, though, and ended up washing dishes where?
labyrinth	John kept his right hand on the wall, knowing that it's the simplest way to keep from backtracking.  Where is John?
get things	Billy's oven was broken so he couldn't cook.  His microwave was also not working, so he couldn't use it, either.  Billy needed money so that he could do what?
apartment	The bachelor didn't bother cleaning his sink, where was the unfortunate sink located?
dentist's office	Where would you sit in a waiting room before getting an x-ray of your jaw?
vomiting	After a long night out the drunken man lost consciousness, he showed a sign of sickness right before passing out, what was it?
apartment	Where are people likely to live in small areas?
wishing well	James's parents felt that he was wasting his money, but they still let him put a coin where every weekend?
repair shop	John lost his screwdriver and cannot find it.  Where would he take his lawnmower?
neglect	As the girl didn't care for the bunny, what did it suffer from?
fly away	The mosquitoes were about to be crushed by a fly swatter, what would they do to survive?
ruined	What might happen to an outfit that cleaning clothes would be useless?
rug	What could a dog get completely dirty?
staggering	The man was getting drunk, his stride was struggling and he was what?
care	What do you feel for a someone when you comfort friend?
seminary	Where would you find people who aren't related by blood calling each other brother?
warehouse	Where are boxes of products stored?
new mexico	The Canadian was travelling, he visited where in the southwest?
chemise	What garment popular with the flappers of the 1920's has thin shoulder straps?
sporting goods store	Where can you buy guns for hunting?
internet	What is a fairly new way to access information?
nest full of babies	Snakes have many things what are they most likely to have when you find their home?
make decisions	If I program a computer to think autonomously, what can it theoretically do?
stress	Joe and Jim were running errands together.  They had a lot to do and very little time to do it, so they experienced a lot of what?
company	What sort of organization do employees usually work for?
hand	What could be used to write with a steel pen?
knowing	Remembering facts is how you demonstrate what when taking a test?
furniture store	The man wanted a new ottoman, so where did he look?
boredom	A person who yawns and paces to help pass the time is likely feeling what?
backpack	Where could you put some knives if you are planning to bring them outside with you?
garage	Where would a person put an automobile when not using it?
manhattan	There's few places where a skyscraper just blends in, a panorama of what dense island is one of them?
center	The man measured from each edge, he was trying to find the dead what?
foreign country	Outside of a zoo where are you likely to find a marmoset?
city	A cemetery surrounded by many houses and businesses is located in what area?
store	Where would you get marble if you do not have any?
traveling	If you are going to market you will need to do what to get there?
stumbling down	I had to go somewhere involuntarily is the same as?
death	When does someone have to go to someone else for finding information about their adopted parents?
michigan	In what glove-shaped state can you get something to eat at a delicatessen?
trying	This was the high jumper's second and final attempt, he was doing what to break a record?
wait turn	What will you accomplish by standing in line?
toilet	Where should you not drink water from?
tent	Where is an active solider likely to sleep?
store	Where is a jellyfish not likely to be?
stop breathing	Dying due to suffocation means you have what?
cockpit	Where could you most easily find a pilot?
stress	If people are competing for resources what emotional state are they likely to experience?
pouch	Jane bought a bag of marbles.  Where did she keep them?
hungry	When would you want to have food?
water mark	Bill is setting his cup on a table.  He puts a napkin under it to avoid leaving what?
house	Many different materials are needed to make what dwelling for people?
quebec	What city in a North American Country, that isn't the United States, would you expect to find a good french restaurant?
not dry	Getting wet means you are what?
bones	What do you take out of the fish before service a filet??
more leisure time	Why would a person drop out of school?
rain cloud	Where does water in the sky come from?
butcher shop	Garry felt like he could eat a whole cow, he didn't care.  Where might he go?
smiles	What often happens to students faces when learning about science?
celebrate	What will you do after winning a race?
pantry	When looking for a non perishable food in your house, you'll often go look in the?
zoo	Where do captured elephants live?
closet	The man came home from traveling, where did he put his luggage?
hand	Where can someone find many a finger?
town	Where are you If you're on a road that passes a group of residences, stores, and other public buildings?
hospital	Where should a ventilation system be closed?
winery	Grapes are often grown in what sort of location in order to produce a beverage that impairs the senses when inbibed?
exercise	What is the best way to release energy?
begin work	Hunger is an effective motivator for what?
jump rope	What will friends in elementary school likely do?
chills	The athlete needed cooling off, but after ten seconds in an ice bath he had the whats?
theatre	Where does an audience of a broadway show clap?
school	Danny was young human.  He didn't have a job. Instead he went where?
suburbia	The man spent big money and time maintaining his lawn, it was part of keeping up with the Joneses where?
cup	What do waitresses refill?
shopping mall	Where would a marmoset be out of place?
school	Where would children go to learn?
winch	You want strong steel cable in your what if you're going to be off road driving?
bathroom	The mat was non slip, it was also picked to match the colors of everything else in the what?
emit light	The power went out, so why did the family use a candle?
become wet	After building his fire, the camper tried washing his hands, what was the immediate result?
battleship	The munitions were loaded onto the launch platform, where were they?
appear ridiculous	When people are overly drunk how do the seem to others?
at hotel	Where could a restaurant be located that would allow someone to sleep there?
email	How do most companies communicate advertisements directly to consumers?
dribble	What happens to water in a leaky faucet?
bore	am was a pretty bad neighbour.  He was annoying, and considered to be a what?
quietness	Each little cough and noise was amplified during the what of the softly hummed hymn?
kiss	James and Judy are preparing to copulate.  In order to ensure that things go smoothly, they engage in foreplay.  What might they start by doing?
church	The religious community was having a bake sale, it took place in the basement of the what?
drum set	All that was left to purchase was a bass drum, what would he have as a result?
reverence	Seeing how old things created so long ago is likely to cause?
bones	What do dogs like to eat?
dexterity	Sam went climbing but wasn't good at it. He was nimble and had what?
airport	Where could you find a passageway with many people in it?
attention	Some people fart playfully in order to get what?
and shout	What do people do with the old song about twisting?
good health	What is a trait of a bright green ficus?
grow	When you meet interesting people your contacts list is likely to do what?
landscape	Climbing a hill can give you a good way to survey what?
apartment building	Where could you find 10 or 100 home that are attached together?
race track	Where do people compete to see who is quicker?
go shopping	She had a problem that she would always spend money, her favorite hobby was to what?
stiffness	Sarah loved riding horse but she was having pain in his legs because of it. She was experiencing what sesation?
open sores	If a person pics at their skin what will they have?
pointed ears	What part of dogs can you see?
hockey game	Which athletic competitions have the most excitement?
park	Where do humans go in cities to be in nature?
die	What will happen to the animal if it doesn't eat?
misunderstandings	Why is a husband looking at apartments after communicating with his wife when they are tired?
sucking	John didn't know why it was called blowing. You didn't blow.  There was no blowing.  What was done instead of blowing?
mississippi river	John lived in a small island surrounded by flowing liquid H2O   Where might he live?
severe injuries	What can occur in fencing if you are not careful?
entertainment	What are you consuming if you are listening to music?
battle	Jo is the leader of a military force,  he issues commands to his people in order to win what?
experience pain	What do people do when they are caught in severe weather and lose their balance while traveling?
classroom	Where do young people have to follow the rules during the day?
living thing	What can an injury happen to?
brain	There are different kinds of Meningitis, but it is an illness that affects the what?
scars	How could you find out if someone tried committing suicide?
shower	Where could a pilot go after he or she is finished working?
ymca	I was at the swimming pool with other people focused on exercise, where was I?
hard	Her air conditioner was broken she explained, no matter how low she set the dial it always blew what?
disneyland	California is known for sunshine and what theme park?
theater	Where would a person blush or put his head down after shutting a door loudly?
warmth	What should you do when you need to raise your body temperature when it is chilly at night outdoors?
office supply store	John had his appointment book with him when he got a medical checkup but he lost it somewhere.  He doesn't want to bother looking for it, so where would he go to get a new one?
bedroom	What room could you put a side chair to help putting on or taking off shoes?
lightning	What will happen after you hear thunder?
suitcase	Where could you keep you stamps while traveling?
drowsiness	Why might someone decide on going to bed?
sporting goods store	Where would i likely find shirts with my favorite team's logo on it?
tetrahedron	The four equal sides were all a smooth surface, he had carved and sanded a perfect what?
necessary	Sam didn't want to do it because he felt that it was nonessential.  But Joe insisted, because he believed that it was what?
despair	Faith in a high power is said to provide solace in times of what?
economic instability	Many powers that be are fighting inflation to avoid what?
triple crown	What does the best horse in the world win?
beach	Where would you normally apply sunblock to protect bare skin from sunshine?
fullness	How do you feel if you overindulge when eating breakfast?
got injured	What happened to the boy to make him cry?
treated with respect	What does a person want at work?
enjoyment	What is a child going to play likely to feel?
exhaust pipe	Placing a potato where can cause an explosion?
bells and whistles	Bob doesn't want to buy a plain stereo system. He wants something studio quality, with all of the what?
breathe	What would you need to do to live life?
serve food	Her first job was when she used to wait tables, she reminisced about the simple task of having to what?
western movie	Someone probably used more than one horse to make one of these?
bored	The prisoners often grouped to play cards, it was one of the few ways to avoid being what in there?
witty	A person who has a good sense of humor is often called?
dense forest	The fox was lost among the many trees, where was it?
dwarf	What would someone be if he or she is not massive?
telephone	What do you talk into the mouthpiece of?
farm yard	If you raise vegetables where would you put a shed?
national park	People want to go on vacation. Where might they go?
middle of town	If I wanted the gallery to be an equal distance from everyone, where might I put it?
use soap	Washing hands is important, you should wet, then what, and then rinse?
underwater	If you're using scuba gear in the ocean where are you?
wait in line	What must elementary school students do when they are going into class?
no legs	What separates a snake from other reptiles?
relax	James needed to reset after a long day at work.   He turned on the television and found a good show.  What might that help him do?
becoming tired	What is an effect of jumping rope?
hangovers	If a person celebrates by drinking too much, what is a likely consequence?
laundromat	Where can someone likely use more than one washing machine?
face each other	How can people best have a conversation?
wet things	There is rain outside, what happens to the stuff left outside?
kentucky derby	What single race must a horse win to head to a championship goal?
forget	The man tried to learn how to play the game, but his  injury meant that he would always do what?
anxiety	John was driving to work and running late, what did he experience as he walked through the door?
heavy	John was glad that he had help.  The piano was what?
kitchen	Where do you mix things on a counter?
hard	He didn't want his son to be soft, so he was always what on him?
dispenser	Joe needs a container cup to hold milk  that he gets out of something. What might the milk come out of?
public place	The people wanted to do a demonstration, where did they decide to do it?
car	Where is a good place to keep an eyeglasses case in traffic?
become tired	After eating dinner, having plenty to eat, and exercising, what is likely to happen?
eat eggs	What is something that people do early in the day?
pet shop	Where might  a  blowfish be kept?
four legs	What do cats have in common with most mammals?
universe	Where does light come from?
email	He opened up the advertisement after reading the subject line, what kind of ad was it?
whistle	When standing in queue and daydreaming, someone might get your attention from far away by doing using what technique?
aeroplane	It was important precious cargo, so it was delivered as quickly as possible by means of what?
waterfall	He was setting up a pond in his backyard, it had two levels and he used flat rocks to create a what from one level to the other?
colorado	Where could you find a marmoset in a zoo?
plug in	They had just moved in but had already gotten cable, wanting to use television they did what with the cord?
become adults	If kids experience aging what will do?
talking	The college freshmen was set on getting a fresh start, he was determined on making friends so did lots of what?
bathroom	Where in your home would you normally keep your toothpaste?
meeting hall	Brother Dan sat in a holding char around in a circle and talked to his peers.  Where could he have been?
shop	What kind of activity ends with a cash register?
not lie	Each witness had to take oath, this oath was to what?
grass	What is a front yard generally filled with?
ignorable	A significant even in someone's life is something that is not what?
correct	If you answering questions you only get credit if you're what?
discipline	Exercising daily requires a lot of what mental toughness?
mortal	People that follow god are usually what?
business district	Where is a large post office likely to be found?
bar	What business serves alcoholic refreshment?
blue	A large body of water often appears to be what?
bake bread	I want to make something that I put peanut butter and jelly on; what do I cook?
capital city	Where is the supreme courthouse in a state typically located?
think about	When one wishes to analyse a subject you must do what at great length?
encourage	A teacher thought that John wasn't doing  his best. She knew he had potential, so she tried to do what to him?
san diego zoo	A koala was far from home, across the ocean from Australia, in a country that also spoke English. Where might it have been?
school	The former wrestler wanted to give back, he donated a new main wrestling mat to the what?
buying	He enjoyed reading newspaper, he consider what a subscription?
antique store	Where can you find an old coffee table book?
soup	What would a bald eagle be likely to avoid?
common	Though the drawing of the object was ambiguous at best, the people playing the drawing game were able to identify the item because it was what?
avoid	Punishing physical jobs make people want to do what regarding exercise?
beach	The area of land next to the ocean is called what?
dentist	If you need a cavity filled where do you go?
going somewhere	If you're traveling, you must be doing what?
entertained	Why do people ready gossip magazines?
countryside	The runner preferred exercise in the forest to the city, so where did he drive to every morning?
pond	The child was skipping pebbles in nature, so where was he?
race track	Where can you find gamblers who watch four legged animals?
kindergarten class	Where do kids go before they start primary school?
tree	Where are you likely to get very fresh fruit?
talk to each other	James think that people need to communicate more.  What do people need to do in order to communicate?
mouth	Where is a good place for a person to put green beans?
separate people	Why might happen to two individuals experiencing fear that can't agree?
temporary	Sam wanted a permanent way to stop the Crimson King from destroying the universe, but the only solution he could find was what?
building	John stumbled in the dark trying to find a lamp, but there wasn't one nearby.   It was late and everything was dark.  The entire what was pitch black.
repair shop	Where is a automobile likely to go after an accident?
skill	Playing chess is like most things where practice helps to build your what at it?
draw attention to themselves	She was a very vain person, in a crowd she loved nothing more than to do what?
solve problems	What does a competent person do at work?
closing eyes	If you've been in front of a computer all day and need to have a rest you can do what do relieve strain?
house	Where are there often multiple personal televisions?
pain	What could cause people who put off having a check up change their ways quickly?
forgive	What do you do to someone easily when you love them?
solar system	What might a human wish to explore first in our galaxy?
pantry	Where would you find a container full of rice?
result	Attending meeting was his priority, he had to get a good what?
better grade	If you practice answering questions, what positive thing will happen?
northern hemisphere	North america has winter to start the year because it is where?
south carolina	If I am in the southern United States eating crab, where am I likely?
opera house	After getting dressed very formally and getting the stereotypical viewing glasses, they went to the ticket office where?
living longer	John is careful about to eating dinner that is healthy because he wants to experience what?
waterfall	Where do tourists go on hikes to take pictures?
tennis racket	Playing tennis requires at least one opponent, a ball, and a what?
sports stadium	Fan after fan filed in for the big game, it wouldn't be long before what was filled?
ignore	Even though she implored he reply, what did the recipient of the email do?
arcade	Where would you play with a toy that fires a projectile ball and coin operated machines?
relaxation	Sarah liked driving cars more than she liked cigarettes.  After she quit, she'd take long drives for what?
grocery store	Where is a tin likely to have food in it?
please parents	He was constantly chasing their love, and it seemed being a success was the only way to what?
toy store	James wanted to get a kite.  He loved flying them.  Where might he look for one?
painful memories	The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he had lost long ago while reading a textbook, what did this bring up?
branch out	My company is vertical.  How do I make it more horizontal?
opera	If you don't speak French or Italian, it could be easy to encounter confusion here. Where is it?
hurt people	The bully said mean words, what was the affect on others?
matter	What did Einstein decide energy was related to?
ham sandwich	The employee asked which kind of meat and bread the customer wanted, they chose to have a what?
opera	Sam intentionally lost his tickets.  He didn't want to listen to people singing all night. Where was Sam going?
rock band	Everybody wants to be the frontman or play guitar in a what?
golf course	Billy tried to find the hole but he could not.  He scoured the place many times searching.  What might he have scoured?
allergies	Why does someone clean their house from pollen?
know everything	The annoying person always had a comment to share, he must think he must what?
predetermination	The belief that we don't choose what happens in life is called what?
hardware store	James needed a heavy chain wrap around his tires.  Where might he find one?
fall in love	How does someone become a lover?
take trips	People do what during their time off from work?
increase knowledge	Sally loves learning.  It's difficult, arduous, and long process, but in the end, it gives her something special.  What does learning do for someone?
desk	What could you put a ruler either on top of or into?
ground	What do cats like to hug when they are peeking at birds?
communication	What is typing a form of?
universe	The satellite zipped past the moon, where was it heading?
hawaiian waters	John wanted to hunt blowfish, but he didn't want to leave America.  Where might he search?
music store	Where can you get a trumpet to take home?
shop	Where do salesman work?
target	What could you hang on a building?
vacuuming	If you're removing dirt from a carpet while doing housework what do you need?
swallowing	Even drinking was difficult after the surgery, he was having trouble doing what?
school child	What do most people have five years after becoming a parent?
press coverage	Going public about a controversial issue is likely to get what?
receive mail	Sometimes to have to prove you
computer printer	Not many people write out reports anymore, they only use paper by loading it into the what?
worthlessness	The overbearing father told his son he had to earn his value, in left the child with feeling of what?
boredom	If a man is going fishing and not getting bites, what does he likely feel?
go home	Where do you take a bus after a day at work?
bathroom	Where is the best place to use a curling iron?
container	Where do many vacuums store dirt?
movies	They needed human to act out motion capture, what were they producing?
sleeping bag	The snake found a warm place to sleep next to a human, where did it end up?
train station	Where are you unlikely to find a taxi?
fight	What do people do with each other when they feel anger?
listen to radio	If a person wants to hear music in their car, what can they do?
you're into	She asked to swallow semen, he shrugged and replied it was fine if that's what?
restaurant	The potatoes were ordered by the chef, where did they end up?
colorado	While the marmoset is a new world monkey, you still won't find one anywhere but a zoo in which mile high place?
excavations	Where would you go to find a mammoth?
bowling alley	The noise was loud, especially on impact.   John tried to drawn it out with the radio, but only succeeded in hurting his ears.  Where might John be?
fire	What do use coal to light?
unite	What has stopped if your spouse abandon you?
going to jail	Someone charged with killing people is likely to reside where?
public disapproval	Farting while not at home may cause you to experience what?
shock	What is a person visiting  a museum likely to feel after realizing an object is missing?
bedroom	Where can you have a television to watch when you're retiring at the end of the day?
balloon	What method of transportation uses air to float?
nice	Sam thought that Jane was mean, but she was actually what?
homework	In order to pass a class you will need to finish all of what which are assignments to complete away from school?
canada	A small dog envied his friends, who were attached to sleds and pulled people though the thick snowy wilderness.  Where might he live?
chicken coop	Where will you find eggs before the farmer collects them?
kitchen cupboard	Where is the closest place you would find a potato?
fall asleep	What could a person do after eating some turkey?
anger	What does someone feel when they lose playing soccer?
believe in god	What does a priest do even if he or she cannot talk?
sweating	After spending a hot summer day running after ball while playing baseball, what might happen to a person's body?
laughter	How can someone express audibly that they are having fun?
drunkenness	Becoming inebriated leads to what state?
invent	What can you do after learning about science?
communication	The lady loved chatting with friends, she used all sorts of what to keep in touch?
desktop	At work I do lots of math, so I keep a calculator open and handy on my what?
central park	The horse a buggy rental is expensive, but it's a unique way to see what?
construction site	Excavation was beginning, step one was a good foundation at the what?
get down	When she did occasionally arise to go to the club, what was she looking to do, euphemistically speaking?
school	Where would a bell end a scheduled class?
travel	What is usually the purpose of a vehicle?
receive letters	What does a person receive in jail from loved ones?
pizza	Where are you likely to find melted cheese?
television show	What would you use to see a clip?
cooking pot	What is an easy way to make a potato soft?
slight	The measurement was important and they had to make a, what kind of increase, to get it just right?
remember	The children play cards often, but they make their own rules because they can't what the originals?
airport	Where do uniformed officials search travelers looking for terrorists?
backpack	What is a good way to carry a small dog?
look around	Standing in queue at a store allows you to be able to do what to your surroundings?
chess set	The pawn was hand carved, it was a fine what?
endanger	What can happen to someone involved in a precarious rescue?
boat	What wet vehicle do you steer with a wheel?
tell truth	When people are honest, what do they tend to do?
blisters	When james was climbing he experiences a couple of symptoms.  The most painful and long lasting was on his hands.   What  might have happened to him?
dress themselves	What do adults do with their clothing?
trouser leg	What does a ferret like to crawl up?
release energy	What happens inside of you when you have anger?
increased knowledge	What is something that happens when you are learning about science?
deck	I put up a railing to make sure I don't fall at my house, but now when I sit outside it blocks my view, what am I sitting on?
garden	She could wait for her new terrace to be covered in green next year, it was the final piece of her dream what?
teach children	Teachers play many roles such as babysitter, but they get the most out of just simply doing what?
smell smoke	Why would children run out of a house?
united states	What country is arkansas in?
french	What kind of wine list can I expect to see in Paris?
microphone	The broadcast studio had a booth set up for interviews, the host sat down and adjusted his what so the audience could hear?
studio	The person was in the drawing room, but wanted to take his draft to be completed, where did he go?
take lessons	One of the best ways to improve how you wrestle is by doing what?
wrong	He was trying to explain to his religious parents that stopping being married to his ex was the right thing to do, but they still found it what?
have fun	Sarah was celebrating with way too many beers.  Even so, she succeeded in doing what?
fart	Why would someone not want to sit down next to you?
bathroom	Where would you store your hair gel near where you get clean?
arriving	If someone decided to go somewhere an hour away, they would be doing what in an hour?
animated film	Where could you see a moving weasel that is not real?
dance	What do people usually do when listening to music?
pain	Seeing his idea become reality should have brought joy to James.  Instead, it only brought what emotion?
car accident	What could sometimes happen after taking phone call?
music store	Where can you buy your child's first violin?
cabinet	Where might I put this can of food in my home?
boardroom	If you were looking for where a committee meets, where would you start?
trunks	The cars were all fully loaded, and had spacious whats?
make noise	He had been farting and getting away with it, he didn't what?
time to rest	A person had run all day and felt tired, what did they need?
house	What is owned by a person and could have a second floor?
push down	He wanted a raise, but what did the stingy boss do with that request?
pillow	Feathers are less common in what because many people are allergic?
pantry	Where would you keep a container can of corn?
coloring book	Where could someone find a blue apple tree?
music shop	Manny broke his triangle.  Where might he go to get a new one?
nest	Where do most birds put eggs?
library	Index cards were on display at the museum, what kind of museum was it?
work at home	If a person is feeling sick, but has a project to finish, what should they do?
music store	Where can you get a bugle to take home with you?
lawn mower	What kind of blade cuts living things?
air	What is inside of a plate while it is flying?
freezer	Where is the best place to keep ice crean?
greater mobility	A toddling child who is learning about the world is gaining what?
own home	Where would you usually find a freezer with food in it?
thunderstorm	What causes water to come out of the sky?
disneyland	There is a lot of water nearby to what popular west coast attraction?
office supply store	Where would you go if you need an eraser?
ocean floor	Where did a shop get the sand dollars you can buy?
hotels	Where are you likely to find a reception area in a business at which you spend twenty-four hours?
disneyland	The hot dogs were extremely expensive despite where they walked, where were they?
train station	Where does one wait on a bench for something on tracks?
running in herd	What would you likely see a group of horses doing together?
expect miracles	When a person has lost all hope, what do they tend to do?
two arms	What does a human have that a dog does not have?
enjoy learning	What does a person who likes school also do?
own bedroom	Where could you put a clock on the floor?
refrigerator	What is the best way to keep tomatoes fresh?
toy store	While you're shopping for greeting cards where would you child like to be?
hotel room	Where is likely to have a small kitchenette?
work hard	What do you need to do to get recognition at work?
neighbor's house	John's bathroom wouldn't flush, so on Saturdays he was forced to poop where?
anything	Jane saw a box labeled "stuff," what could be in the box?
restaurant	Where would you find a pot that is being used by someone?
perspiration	Living in a humid climate can be uncomfortable, it leads to a lot of what?
mediterranean sea	If you were Greek and saw a shark here, where are you?
hardware store	The project needs paint, where to go to get some?
hospital	Clean linen was important in John's workplace Where might John work?
waste	If you are looking to gain the most profits you could focus on cutting down what?
supermarket	She needed cabbage and make-up, so where did she go to buy both?
further knowledge	Joe wanted to know the truth because he was an academic and south to learn as much as possible.  He would do anything in pursuit of what?
gas	Danny loved having food, but food doesn't love him.  If he eats what he likes he often develops what?
bank vault	They robbers didn't just want the money the tellers had, they wanted to make sure they got the big load of money in the what?
every state	When people travel they usually don't have to worry about medical emergencies because hospitals are where?
science	She loved finding the art in nature, and loved how what would explain it?
play with	Sally brought the ball when she visited Scott so that they could do what with it?
frightened	What does someone feel when they run away from a big animal?
donuts	The jelly was put into a tube, where was it bound?
above board	If someone is sharp and they highly qualify for a job some might say their qualifications are what?
follow	When a teacher gives you a command what should you do?
plate	Where would you look for lasagna after it has been cooked?
bed	When darkness came, what was she prompted to go to?
loud noise	What is one fun result of farting?
plane	The lights were used for a safe landing, so where were they installed?
los angeles	Where is a famous basketball court?
lights	When a play starts in an auditorium, what tends to fade out?
car show	What could cause excitement due to things that can move but are not moving?
row about	What might a couple do in a canoe?
colorado	In what western sate might one find a bald eagle?
hope for peace	If people are informed of an imminent war, what do they do next?
be happy	While she did cry at her mother's death bed, what did her mother reassure her to do to fight her issues?
say hi	When meeting a friend, what does one generally do at first?
coldness	A relationship that was once filled with the heat of passion but now has someone showing no emotion towards the other, the person has now demonstrated what towards the other?
legs	Running is great cardio for working out the heart, but the regular muscles it targets are in the what?
flower shop	Laura likes blue anemones, and John wants to give her something special for her birthday.  Where might John go to get an anemone for Laura?
know how to act	What do you hope to achieve when finding information about manners?
silliness	What do people consider chatting with friends when there is work to do ?
homes	Where is the night table with the hand cream?
library	The student didn't have a dictionary at the dorm, so the student went where?
discreet	Loose lips sink ships, so the surprise party planners had to be very what?
hungry	Why would someone bring home fish?
school room	Where could you find thousands of chair?
subdivision	Where will you find a brownstone apartment away from the center of town?
voice	After hearing it for so long he finally gave in, he began talking to the what?
not to forget	WHy do people write things down?
relaxation	Driving a car along a scenic highway can have what calming affect?
listen to radio	When people drive they usually do what to ward off boredom?
faithful	He was a man with many loose morals, but when it came to his wife he was always what?
market	What kind of store does a merchant have if they sell produce?
gain wealth	If people are working hard and saving their money, what is the likely consequence?
war	What event would soldiers be trained to use explosive devices?
engraving	He wanted his favorite horse memorialized permanently, so what did he comission?
america	Where could there by tens of thousands of people playing baseball?
get food	If someone comes in the room while you're cooking what are they hoping to do?
ribs	What is a popular pork bbq dish?
very thin	When people get older what happens to their hair?
speaker	Where is a magnet used to make something vibrate?
zoo	When you feed food to animals, you are at a petting?
hand	The artist used a stylus on a pad to draw digitally, he kept a very steady what?
town	Where are you likely to find an artisan market?
work miracles	What gift do people claim that god has for people?
refrigerator	The turkey needed to be kept unspoiled, what is the full name of a useful impelement in this situation?
toenails	Where can you get a yellow fungus on your person?
go somewhere	What does someone want to do if they want to travel?
physical fitness	Someone takes up exercising to improve their what
energy	What does a robot need to be able to be working?
cup	Where is a good place to keep many a pencil?
apartment building	He didn't like the walk up, but living on the top floor meant there was nobody above him in the what?
come back	He kept throwing the stick away, but thanks to the dog the stick would always what?
serious	Putting on a professional stage play requires what kind of effort?
busy city	The shopping arcade had a lot of foot traffic, where was it located?
planet earth	If I find liquid water, what planet am I likely on?
concentrating	The student had difficulties reading, he would furrow his brow while doing what on a line of the book?
smiles	If you're giving assistance to people in need what are you likely to see on their faces?
return to work	When a union shop decides to go off strike what will they do?
answer	If I am reading a letter from a friend who I asked to write me a response, what might I be looking for?
shoreline	What separates a bay from the water?
troubles	If someone is fiddling a sad tune, what is the song likely about?
oregon	If I wanted to see an apple tree, where would be a good place to go?
reason exists	Sam couldn't turn off his computer and it was stuck.  He didn't know why, but he called tech support because he was sure of what?
taking notes	A student want to recall information from class later, what is he doing?
jewellers	John needed his watched fixed. Where might he take it?
challenge	Why would you be unable to win when you play games?
inspiration	What is likely to be the feeling for  future ideas after seeing idea become reality?
rug	Hers pets had fleas, not only did she have to treat them but the furniture and what too?
at hotel	John walked up to the reception desk and rang a bell.  He waited for five minutes and told the reception person that he had a reservation. Where might he be?
many people	Sam was alone in spite of the fact that he was at a family reunion and mingling with what?
one moon	What can be seen from the earth?
expected	A person who found something odd, may have found it odd because it wasn't what?
rest	What do you call the period of time after you are done running before you have the energy to run again?
like music	What does someone who likes to hear someone play violin enjoy?
residential area	Johnny build a house somewhere on the planet.  He wanted to do so away from the city, but still close enough.  But he gave up that dream and settled for building it inside the city limits.  Where might he have built it?
own property	What do people with a lot of money do?
express information	The concierge said to ask him any question that you needed answered, he said he can get you what?
north carolina	The cotton needed to be sent to the shirt factory in the Piedmont, where should it get sent?
elevator	Where do you hear music when moving between floors?
sun themselves	If people are on a beach, what are they likely doing?
being here	If I am away, I couldn't currently be what?
experience joy	What will a person have when very happy?
injuries	What would stop football players from having fun in the game?
classical	Rap is not usually associate with what music often performed by an orchestra?
pharmacy	Where would Bob go to buy pills?
revelations	When you spend time contemplating ideas what will you get?
istanbul	Mary looked though the chest that her grandfather brought with him.  She could no longer return to his birthplace, because it was not gone.  Now it's called what?
montana	People in what region refer to it as big sky country?
supermarket	Where can you buy shampoo along side items for nourishment?
stand in line	What could you do if you want to get free stuff that is worth money?
disneyland	Where can you can find snack food and ice cream shaped like a mouse?
indiana	The rubber stamp was the shape of a state, it also had a race car in it to recognize the racing heritage of where?
far away	The station was local, but Sarah could pick up signals from where?
strong bones	What does a person get from drinking milk?
africa	What country has a large amount of trophy hunters?
satisfaction	What kind of emotion does eating at your favorite restaurant bring about?
knocking over	If you have a cat what will it do after your setting a cup on a table?
texas	Victoria is the name of many cities, you'd say the one where does it big?
city dweller	He always wanted to be a farmer, but he never moved to the country and was what his whole life?
bed	If you've taken off your socks and are lying down where are you likely to be?
desk	The man had to leave work in a hurry, in the middle of work, where was his paper work left?
misunderstanding	If people get upset while chatting with friends, what is the likely culprit?
bright sunshine	John needed to find shade. He was being blinded by what?
stringed instrument	He admired the neck and bridge, and then decided to play the what?
coughing	If someone had been smoking, an easy way to tell would be if they were what?
go to bed	Being tired makes humans decide to go to this object?
north america	Bill lives some place that has an extremely diverse animal population spread out across a very wide area and many unique climates.  Where might he live?
homely	Jane was beautiful on the inside, but on the outside she wasn't much to look at.  How might she be described?
medicine cabinet	Where would a woman store her leg razor?
farmer's market	Where are peas likely to be freshest?
anger	What emotion might someone feel if they've been doing housework all day and someone messed up your home?
grocery store	What aisle do you walk down to get  lettuce?
see exhibits	The class of children walked around the place in a line, their guide took them to what?
care less	Sometimes things don't concern people themselves, this often leads them to what about the result?
snow	Where might an animal track be easily visible?
restaurant	We were on the highway, driving back home and pulled off to find an eating place called what?
north america	James loved the flags that had a snake and a motto on it.    It was a symbol of a place located where?
pocket	They got to the door and it was locked, he reached in his jeans what to retrieve the key?
neighbor's house	Where would you get sugar if you do not have any?
tuxedo	Sarah knew that bob was a gentleman because he took her to a show and was stylish in his what?
recorded	The producer didn't want to do the show live, what type of show was he looking for?
fall down	If I go for a run and don't watch where I place my feet, what's likely to happen?
waste paper	What happens when people don't recycle packing materials?
fall down	The child ran to fast and hit his foot on a rock, what happened next?
bedroom	Where would you keep a chair to toss your clothes on before retiring for the evening?
use weapons	What do people use in the army when they are being attacked?
death and destruction	What is the large-sclae  general result of waging war?
poor workmanship	He expected high quality for the money he spent, but the chair fell apart from what?
suitcase	Where is clothing found on vacation?
appear blue	What does the sky look like on a sunny day?
being heard	Billy loved singing, because it let him do what?
coral sea	Many sea anemones live in what group of tiny marine animals?
headaches	Celebrating with too many drinks will lead to what kind of pain the next morning?
quitting	The competition contestant had simply run out of steam, it seemed she was doing what?
damnation	Because of his beliefs he knew that if he were to kill he would suffer what?
deep sleep	He dreamed he was wide awake, but in fact he was in the middle of a very what?
large city	Where can you find many stores with books?
city	What does the government have control over?
gain weight	The man liked eating hamburger but never exercised, what was the result?
graveyard	Where would a human go to be near his or her ancestors?
bribe	James was a politician, but he loved the finer things in life and had few scruples. He took things that he shouldn't have.  What might those things have been?
street corner	Where do people go if they are looking for a taxi?
pay	The lady fumbled in her purse for change she didn't have, the person beyond offered a helping hand in what?
go out	Billy was a very creative person but he wasn't very social. He wanted to meet new people. What would he have to do to accomplish that?
manhattan apartment	Where might someone live if they are only able to have a small dog?
airplane	What has metal wings?
television	What is a  cathode ray tube typically part of?
stammering	Ben was usually an eloquent speaker, but this time he had difficulty reading the words on the teleprompter, so he did much what?
reproduce	If you have two dogs, you'll quickly find that you have many more. This is because dogs are capable of what?
apartment	What type of dwelling do the people live in?
garage	John knew that the pictures were in a box, he put them there for long term storage.  He went out and looked for it in what?
get frustrated	The person was having a difficult time understanding the computer program, they were beginning to what?
listen to radio	Driving car can be monotonous, so many turn the dial and do what?
fall in love	It wasn't at first sight but at first kiss when the two began to what with one another?
meeting new people	Choosing a cruise for traveling can have many benefits, socially you're in close proximity strangers and get to experience what more quickly?
broadcast	Sam was performing live.  John couldn't be there but he still listened.  What did he listen to?
retirement community	The chess board had to be wheel chair accessible for the old folks living in the what?
religion	What are mission workers constantly telling many people about?
music hall	Where would you expect to hear a clavichord being used?
smoke	What could happen to a car if it crashes?
maritime museum	Where would you find a shark that is not alive?
having fun	By laughing while playing, what were the children doing?
bathroom	Billy  found that his toilet was overflowing.  Water was splashing onto  the floor and making a huge mess.  He got a mop and tried to clean it up.  Where might the toilet be located?
sore feet	What could prevent someone from starting to dance?
photograph	What's a good way to remember your small dog after he's gone?
tropical waters	The shark was feeling cold, what did it decide to look for?
exhaustion	After working out and releasing energy all day how are you likely to feel?
artillery	Where do you stock weaponry?
florida	She wanted a condominium near the Gulf of Mexico, where should she look for one?
new mexico	Where does a lizard likely live?
ipod	Why would a jogger have headphones in?
pretend	What does an actor do while acting?
greenhouse	Where would you find a pot with something alive in it?
shopping mall	The electronics store benefited from people walking from the food kiosks, where was it located?
feeling refreshed	After being stuck indoors all day breathing fresh air would lead to what?
quarry	What will there be after an excavation is finished?
deadly	The study showed driving while sleep deprived led to as many what accidents as being drunk?
aquarium	A colorful pebble falls on a goldfish, where is the pebble?
give away	Before someone can adopt the parent must do what with their offspring?
skepticism	While he wanted to believe, what mindset prevented him from accepting it?
increased heart rate	John didn't like skating much, but he liked it more than his other options.  The doctor said that he needed to take better care of himself, and skating was an activity that did what to him?
ignore	what does someone do when they do not reply to a question?
restrained	Why would you be unable to walk forward?
commercial building	Where is one unlikely to find a concert hall?
classroom	John opened the window and climbed out because he didn't want to listen to someone for an hour. Where might he have been?
office supply store	Sam ran out of clipboards. Where might he got for more?
bed sores	The old man would be stuck staying in bed, part of the nurse's job was to move him so he wouldn't get what?
sand box	Where would a cat like to relieve himself?
old houses	Where would you put a wooden rod after buying it if you do not have any clocks?
daydreaming	When standing in queue for a long time you will more than likely be?
water	Where is bacteria likely to be slimy?
kitchen	Where did most people keep their telephone directory near the nourishment they keep in their house?
amusement park	The parking lot was only full during the day, where was it located?
farmer's field	Some people like to get things from as close to the source as possible, to achieve this for a potato you'd have to go where?
mail box	Where are unwanted advertisements often delivered to a home?
guilty conscience	What might someone not caught killing someone have?
woods	Where could you find a nearby apple tree if you live in the United States?
spare room	A person is putting a sofabed in a house for a guest, where are they likely to place it?
slow down	What is a speed bump likely to cause a vehicle to do?
become deaf	John refused to listen to his mother about his music volume.  Because of that, he gradually did what?
neatness	Why might you be found grooming yourself in the mirror on the way out the door?
serve customers	When she would wait tables she had to listen to and what?
desktop	The man really like the picture and wanted to look at it while checking emails, where did he paste it?
ride horses	What does a person known as a cowboy do?
outside	An amphitheartre provides a stage in what sort of environment?
single person	If a crowd of people are all in a relationship except for one, what can they be considered?
lowering prices	The bill was passed in hopes of fighting inflation on the products, but it failed to force the companies into what?
factory	Making the cars made a lot of noise, everybody had to wear earplugs at the what?
talk	Many people have mental issues, they need someone to what to?
soil	It was time for a harvest, you could find potato after potato in the what?
calluses	She was new at playing violin, what did she immediately notice developing?
broken heart	If you catch your girlfriend lying about seeing another guy, you'll most likely experience what?
funeral	What gathering of loved ones follows your final birthday?
landmine	What type of explosive weapon often kills innocents long after the war is over?
kitchen cupboard	Where would keep a saucepan when it's not in use?
gas or electric	What types of stoves are there?
bus stop	What are you usually at when you sit on a bench on a curb?
buy presents for others	What do people in love do on their birthdays?
comfortable shoes	What is a person going for a long walk in need of?
stupidity	If a human hits their hand on something it is their own what that caused it?
bark	How is a dog likely to communicate with another dog?
bedsores	What happens to someone who stays in bed too long?
band	What is a group of three or four musicians called?
waterfall	What water feature has a pool at the bottom?
intoxication	The man had been drinking alcohol, when he caused a disturbance he was arrested for public what?
look silly	If I'm an old man how will I look jumping rope?
history	What is often classified into periods?
stitches	What is likely the result of falling in gravel while running?
cliff	Where did the bald eagle make its nest so that it couldn't be reached after it escaped?
communicating	If someone is typing, what are they doing?
motorbike	Much like a bicycle a chain drives the back wheel of a what?
perspiration	What happens to living beings when they are nervous?
basement	She thought she had some old clothes that might work for the costume, she went to retrieve them down in the what?
bring joy	When the baby was born, what did the new grandmother claim it did for her?
frustration	What might someone having a hard time writing a term paper feel?
roadblock	Where would you find a sign and a long line of cars behind it?
pick up	What can you do to make up hours you lose at work?
radio shack	If I wanted to buy a cable, where would I go?
shovelling	What must be done to a driveway filled with snow?
fear of death	What might cause someone to panic is they are having a heart attack?
in wild	A marmoset can be found many places, but they are usually found where?
bus	Try to get a window seat to enjoy the view when you ride what large over the road transport?
kill	What does cancer have the potential to do?
abdominal muscles	He was practicing deep breathing techniques, he had to have great control of his what?
stockings	What do women wear on their legs that is made of nylon?
get comfortable	She got a snack and drink and laid back in her chaise lounge, the day was finally over and she could just read book and what?
every town	Where is a church found at?
bottle	What medium do people get their beer from ?
plate	On what is your evening meal served if you're not at a quick casual diner?
hotel	Where would you find a passageway that is mainly used by visitors?
office	When a person takes business calls on the phone, where does it tend to take place?
movie house	Where can someone eat popcorn quietly?
catch	The receiver had another drop, on the sideline his coach begged him to just make one what?
studio	Where can you find a musician that no one is listening to?
ask	What information may we need to get from a person when we command them to do something?
hanging up	Ryan answered the call, but the person on the other end did what?
have fun	Knitting with a group of friends is a great way to do what?
cross river	If people need something on the other side of a body of water, what must they do?
down payment	The couple were finally to buy house, they had comfortable jobs and the funds for a what?
desktop	Where might I ruin some papers if I place my coffee mug there, and it spills?
loss of oxygen	Billy loved climbing, and he eventually suffered a brain injury due to what?
allergies	Bobby was doing housework when he became sick.   He thought he worked too hard, but the doctor said what it was what?
dictionary	Where would you find out what a lemur is?
flour	What is the main ingredient in making bread?
skating rink	This is a great way to move across water in one of its more popular states.
small cuts	Like with owning a kitten, what is a common danger when participating in the sport of fencing?
evening	They had so much fun that afternoon that it seemed like it had become what in a blink of the eye?
good at	Everyone was at the finals for a reason, they were all what competition?
big cities	It seems weird to have a fast food restaurant with all the local choices, but with all the people what have plenty of them?
meet friends	What does a person want to do the first day of school?
weight loss	Why do people take up running?
kitchens	Where are you likely to find a tupperware container?
head table	The host seated everybody for the meal and took his seat where?
ground	Where would you usually find a hole made by an animal?
movies	What is a place with pictures that a small dog is not allowed into?
conference	What are tables sometimes necessary for when a variety of thoughts are needed?
every building	What sort of structures do you enter through a doorway?
building	The office needed lights, so where were they installed?
intangible	He explained that the concept was corporeal and the student should be able to grasp it, but the student found the ideas what?
move	The animals were in the back of the van.  Sally and Jim were nervoud about that.  They were afraid their pets might get hurt during the what?
kitchen	Where would you put a fire extinguisher if you do not have any large doors in your house and your house only has one floor?
tasty	What about eating hamburgers makes someone want more?
lake or river	Where is beaver likely to be found?
crash	What event might cause someone to get rid of their car?
refreshment	What is another term for drink?
lake	Boats that aren't on the ocean travel across the surface of what?
great outdoors	Climbing a hill when hiking can really give one an appreciation of what?
roadblock	It was the only way out of town, the police parked their vehicles and drew their guns to create a what?
renewal	If you're taking a break from your library, you should still put in the effort to complete what sort of form before your card stop working?
increased knowledge	If I want to find more information about things in general, what am I seeking?
construction business	Sammy was a union member.   He had to be.  It was the only way to advance in his profession.  What was his profession?
fresher	She really enjoyed to make bread, because when you made your own it was always what?
another place	A marmoset is not here, where is it?
terrorism	What does a person in ISIS practice?
new york	What east coast city is known for their pizzerias?
use	Major Tom wanted to preserve the weapons. As dangerous as they were, he felt that they could have what in the future?
canteen	The hike was just too early for him, rather than water he put a cup of coffee in his what?
neighbor's house	He saw the garage across the street from his house, where was the garage located?
vomiting	If you have rotten food when eating breakfast in bed what will you be doing?
theater	What can a concert hall also be used for?
music store	The banjo was sent off to be sold retail after it was built, where was it bound?
eat food	The fat child could not be trusted to have food around, there was only one thing it would do and that was what?
garage	What's the best place to store boxes of spare automobile parts?
cape cod	John wants to catch crabs.  He's thinking of moving somewhere that this would be easier.  Where might he go?
death	There is a lot of ways to live life, but it all ends the same with what?
jet lag	What happens often when traveling to a new time zone?
hand lotion	What type of moistener might someone who uses sanitizer frequently use?
nepal	What city would you find a temple containing men with shaved heads?
going to prison	What is happening to a person found guilty of committing murder?
good behavior	He never got in trouble, he received a certificate for what?
new mexico	What dry state can a lizard be found in?
study medicine	What does a doctor have to do before he is allowed to take an exam to get his MD?
key	When you return to work you will likely need what to get in the door if you are the first to arrive?
street	When a house has a normal location, where is it found?
going out at night	How might young adult friends have fun?
stay still	Miranda wasn't sure about what she was doing, she just knew that she couldn't stop moving her smelly feet. This was a problem, because she was told to do what?
religious	The atheist extolled virtues of secular thought, what ideas was he likely opposing?
expectation	What do people want to minimize by surprising rather then prepping?
commercial	James loved watching the sloth on television.  This was his favorite what?
will to survive	A doctor admonished a patient that medicine alone wasn't enough, what else did the patient need?
loud	I want everyone to hear my voice, how should I speak?
ship's hold	What's another name for cargo?
having fun	What would happen too you if you are playing game?
painless	Returning to work was easy for Dan.  He had liked doing nothing for weeks, and after his treatment he was complately what?
kitchen cupboard	Jim was looking for a container cup to put something in.  Where might he have looked?
car	They were going somewhere outside of walking distance, so they took the what?
need to	Why would you rest if you've got other things to do?
prosecution	If a person is accused of committing murder, who must they face in court?
large city	Where is an expressway likely to be crowded?
desert	It was a stunning sight to the explorer, the garden oasis in the middle of the what was the most beautiful thing he had seen?
window sill	Where would a cat sit to soak up sunlight?
asking for money	Johnny wants to get money his brother.  He doesn't like to, but he sucks it up, makes the call, and finds himself doing what?
new york city	If someone was a huge art buff and wanted to see many a gallery in one trip, where might one suggest they visit?
forceful	The laser light hurt his eyes, how would he describe it?
machine gun	The instructor explained all the parts like the stock, then the cadets had to disassemble and reassemble their what?
get pregnant	What can happen after drinking alcohol that takes a long time to finish?
windmill	The moving air turned the blade and provided power.  What type of object is this?
pet store	Where is a caught monkey likely to live at least to begin with?
army corps	What are you a part of if you hear a bugle in the mornings?
cry	What could happen immediately after sadness?
chicken coop	The farmer was worried about intruders, he made sure to make his what fox proof?
order dinner	Sally is a customer at a restaurant.  She got a table early.  What might she have done after being seated?
die	Billy hated killing people.   He didn't like seeing people do what?
public building	Where would a court be located?
castle	The king needed to feel safe, where did he go?
las vegas	Sure you could get a drink absolutely anywhere, but he found he lost less money if he was just at the bar where?
barber shop	Where would you go if you do not like the way your hair looks?
cupboard	Where would you put a pot if you do not need to use it?
get cold	if i were kissing someone and it started to snow what would be a likely result
friend's house	Where could you find a monkey nearby if you live in the United States?
armed forces	What contains a company of people?
roof	Where would you mount a towel that you wanted above your shower?
dresser	Where is best to have clothes folded?
strength	They began moving car with their bare hands to save the child trapped underneath, nobody could explain where they got the what to do so?
concentrate	To think for a long time you need to be able to?
shrinking	What is likely to happen to a snowman that is getting wet?
use television	As the child keep growing it's curiosity grew, it wasn't long before it figured out the purpose of the remote control is for to do what?
disneyland	Where is the most famous cartoon mouse from?
season with salt	What would cooks do when they are almost finished cooking?
drop to zero	As things get colder, temperature does what?
natural world	What includes both a person and a jellyfish?
inspiration	James was chatting with friends  and eating pizza when he suddenly experienced something.  He ran out of the room to get a pen and paper.   What did he experience?
house	Where could you find an artificial light source?
heartburn	If you ate some spicy food, what could happen to you?
sleep soundly	What would dogs do if there are no intruders nearby?
department store	Where can you buy a purse as well as a TV?
bowling alley	Where do gutters prevent a ball from becoming runway?
triple crown	What can a horse winning many races hope to achieve?
worship idols	If people are bowing before a statue, what are they likely doing?
jerseys	You can go to a sporting goods store to buy what uniform tops?
have rest	Being tired makes humans realize they need what even in a car, or chair?
aggravation	Why would someone be bringing suit?
box	Sarah didn't own a computer or a monitor.  Instead she just used something connected to her TV.  How would she describe the thing connected to her TV?
lake	A lot of rivers flow in and out of what body of water?
better understanding	The lab results had been compiled, the scientist began analysing the data because he wanted what?
impossibility	George thought that it was possibile to go faster than light.  He insisted.  However, all known science said that this was what?
blisters	If your shoes are too tight what will you get on your feet after jogging?
countryside	You might find a dirt highway out where?
mate	Birds make nests to lay eggs they got from having a what?
washington	What state has a county called columbia and is the furthest in the direction that the sun sets?
ditch	James found a snake on the ground while hiding from a tornado.  Where might the snake have been?
sewing	If someone is quite crafty with needles they might have all sorts of hobbies like needlepoint, crocheting, or just plain what?
fatigue	What would cause a person to stop driving at a hotel?
cyberspace	where is the information superhighway?
wallflower	At the school dance most kids were enjoying themselves, but a shy one found himself a what?
books	Where is a good place to find a lot of fictional words?
long skirt	The school dress code was strict, all girls had to wear a what?
nursing home	With elderly resident, Illness is a common way a stay ends where?
fear	When someone is watching a film like Saw, what are they likely experiencing?
take money	What will the government do if they find out you fail to file your taxes?
advocate	Billy cared about his opponent, in spite of their disagreements.  Because of that, when he lost the primary, Billy began to do what for him?
homeless shelter	where does a homeless person go for food?
motherboard	The part of a computer that holds the memory and processing chips is called what?
long life	What will happen to you if you are staying healthy?
soft	What would describe the hands of someone who doesn't do manual labor?
amusement	What do people want to feel while playing cards?
amusement park	Where is a good place to purchase a toy balloon?
box	She wanted to donate her old clothes to charity, she began folding and stacking the clothing into a what?
latin america	Where are there millions of marmoset sitting in trees?
convenient spot	Where would you put a tissue holder if you have a cold and plan to stay inside?
static	He tried communicating by radio, but what did he hearing the other end?
cellar	The person prepared for anything, this is why he kept months worth of canned food in his what?
holster	Where is an unused weapon likely to be?
sleep	The day of hard work had led to fatigue, during lunch break he fell to what?
blank stares	Expressing yourself by using complicated words and technical language is likely to draw what from you audience?
trouble	If you want to stop being married to someone it's usually because of what?
shop	The food was packaged for sale, where was it bound?
music store	Where would you get an upright piano if you do not have one?
horrible	What kind of person would believe in God and kill a divine entity?
buy food	If someone suffers from hunger but has nothing in the house what do they have to do?
abandon	What may happen to a dangerous rescue?
plain	Where would you go if you want to see a beautiful thunderstorm?
falling off	WHat causes a kid to cry when riding a bike?
toolbox	His saw was too big to fit with all his wrenches and screwdrivers in his metal what?
california	Where could you find millions of ficus?
drawer	Where is a good place in a home to keep an extra eyeglasses case?
darkness	What state should your bedroom have before sleeping?
telephone	What can you use hear other people and be heard yourself?
ground	The house had been abandoned so long her stride left a clear path through the dust on the what?
air	When millions are piled up they can be a hassle, but a snowflake is quite beautiful when it is falling through the what?
being fired	what is likely the fate of a lying employee?
have brain	The man began to cogitate about cogitating, being able to do this meant he clearly he must what?
hotel	Where are you if you open the night table drawer to find a bible placed by the gideons?
dance	If a person wants to put some excitement into his routine, he learn how to do what?
english hunt	A horse rider wants to find foxes, what should he participate in?
leg cramps	It was very humid and he wasn't hydrated, so when he was running he was stricken with what?
deciding	He was contemplating a choice, what was he doing the following day?
birth defects	She finally gave up smoking when they decided to grow their family, this was because she had heard it can cause what?
corner	A shelf would fit in what part of a room?
bankruptcy	What can happen as a result of a business spending money and having to make a declaration?
cabinet	Where in your room would you put scissors that you will not need to use any time soon?
pass out	If I was getting drunk and lost control of my inhibitions, what might happen to me?
michigan	The terrace overlooked a section of the Grand River, where was the terrace located?
happiness	What would happen if you are loving another and he or she loves you?
bless you	What should you say to someone that sneezes?
love	If I was very excited about meeting people who were very close family, what emotion would I be feeling?
wrap up	What would someone do have fun at a winter party outside?
show	When a curtain closes this is over.  What is this?
floors	Where are mats usually placed in a house?
roof	Where is the most likely place for a skylight?
fall asleep	All the adults were sitting quietly in the other room watching TV, they were hoping the baby would what?
backpack	Where can a student find their pens?
diverse situations	What is a human adapted to handle?
fatigue	What do we feel after travelling a long distance?
industrial complex	Where is it unlikely to find a office building?
sit silently	Rather than talk in a class you should do what and pay attention?
vengeance	What is it called when you are killing people because they are bad?
laboratory	where do you use instruments for science?
loss of innocence	What is learning about the world and how it works likely to cause?
in play	If you about to go on stage and are dressed in costume you are likely about to be what?
tool kit	The saw was not necessary for car repair, so what wasn't it included with during pucrhase?
house	What place could have one back garden?
having to travel	What happens while someone is going somewhere?
acquire wealth	A person wants to be successful, the end goal is to what?
metal	What item is smelted out of minerals on the country side?
bus	How does a human get around?
deceptive	People are lying to one another, how are they behaving?
supermarket	Where do you buy potato chips?
open door	If kids are curious regarding the weather outside, what can they do to go outside?
people believe	In the 1940's what happened when a radio show decided to pretend the Earth was invaded by Martians?
relaxing	It was a long hard day of work, it was now time for sitting down and what?
outside	There is a giant enemy crap.  It is too big to fit though doors.  So it is stuck where?
container	Where should leftovers go after coming out of the pan?
expensive	He chose a flashy car when he got the promotion, he wanted people to know he could afford what things?
ohio	If you were sitting on a curb in Cincinnati where would you be?
work	Most adult Americans split their time between home and what?
middle east	what region are the most famous temples located?
hospitals	Where is there likely to be sadness in a waiting room?
drawing room	Where would you find a piano that is owned by a person?
go outside	What happens to dogs when they want to play?
receptionist	The man was seeking directions in the lobby, who should he talk to?
aggravation	What could bringing suit do to a rivalry?
spills	Billy likes eating breakfast in bed, but he doesn't do it often.  He likes his clean sheets too much. Why doesn't he eat breakfast in bed that often?
handbag	Many women carry a lot of stuff in their purse which is also known as a what?
children suffer	James and Holly were getting a divorce. They didn't like it, but they needed it.  What might they be trying to avoid?
win	The competitive guy liked to play games, what was his goal?
winning	What is the goal of most people playing games?
cold air	Steam turns to vapor quickly when it is exposed to what?
have children	How would you be living life with at least 2 other people?
own home	Where is an adult collector of toy cars likely to keep them?
family room	Where can I put the bean bag chair so that everyone can use it?
playground	Where do kids throw a ball around?
nature preserve	What place protects animals such as the bald eagle?
washington state	What pacific northwest place has many apple trees?
conclusion	The forward comes before an essay, what comes at the end of it?
bicycle	What vehicle uses a chain to move the back wheel?
seaside town	If you live by the shore than you probably live in a what?
get food	Sarah wants to eat lunch.  To do this she'll have to go to her kitchen and do what?
box	What is on the base of a stack of cubes?
summer	Sunshine and warmth are the weathers associated with what?
abandoned houses	Bob the mouse lived in a densely populated area.  Where might he look for shelter?
doing drugs	If you're going to a party in an alley, what is likely to happen?
japan	Where is a pleasure garden likely to have orginated?
benefit	James thought that cost of buying the new screen outweighted the what?
restaurant	The food fresh of the grill was the best in town, it was no surprise that this place was many people's favorite what?
feel pleasure	The animals had eaten and taken a mud bath in the sun, what happened to them as a result?
concert	There are lights for safety at what performance?
state case	What can a lawyer do to be sure spectators anticipate future actions in the correct frame of reference?
peace	Understanding better is a great goal to have.  If everyone understood each other better, it would help being about what?
stress	Old people can have difficulty using computer, it can turn a simple task into a lot of what?
k mart	Where would you get an electric razor if you do not have one?
seattle	She always kept an umbrella handy for the frequent rain, where did she likely live?
city hall	The committee had its first meeting.  John was glad to be a part of it.  This is what he ran for.  Where might the meeting be?
ballpark	The peanuts were for sale in during the 4th inning, where were they being sold?
kitchen floor	Where do people perter to have linoleum on the ground?
demand justice	Sometimes when people think some wrongdoing has ocurred in government, how do they react?
joy	What does killing people not usually lead to?
getting fat	What will likely happen to one's body if the only eat hamburgers?
used car lot	The salesman was a weasel, this should've probably been expected at a what?
house	Bob walks up to the second floor to his bedroom, where is he?
ocean	The inspector labeled the vessel water-tight on the dock, where was it's next destination?
animals	what other species have blood other than humans?
becoming tired	After a person celebrates an occasion for hours on end, what might the person experience?
music room	Where do you keep a piano?
synagogue	The artists created an elaborate wood carving for the location, it was a spiritual experience for him working at a where?
park	He set up his cart all over the city, but the hot dogs always sold best where people were active like at the what?
international space station	Where do humans go in space?
kansas	What state is Pat Roberts the senator of?
go hiking	The people changed their plans after watching the morning news.  What were they going to do?
classroom	Where would you find pencils and young people?
sears	Where would you go if you need a hardware store?
dance	What do people do when they feel a lot of excitement?
drink water	what must a dog do daily?
restaurant	People came far and wide for what the chef could do on the grill, if you asked most patrons they'd say it was their favorite what?
schools	Where do people sometimes use an eraser?
nutrient	He didn't know that good things can be posion in large doses.  He thought that he was just eating an essential what?
shrinkage	After getting wet cotton clothing may suffer from what?
america	The rural general store is a staple of the great nation called what?
cartoon	Where could you find a jellyfish that does not exist?
wet clothes	When washing clothes what do you get when the cycle is complete and thus need the second tumbling machine for?
body	What does someone evaluate in the dressing room?
office building	Sam didn't have to walk far to get lunch.  There was a deli on the ground floor of his what?
person	The man felt sorry for the dressed up dog, it was his opinion that clothing was only for a what?
desk	Where would you put coins after you get home?
have fun with	James  and his friends like to play pretend together.  What is it that they like about playing pretend together?
symphony orchestra	The man sat down at the piano and played the A note for others to emulate, who was he with?
welcome change	People voted for the outsider because they hoped it would bring what?
freeway	Where do you see signs that give direction while moving fast?
lower expectations	What can you do to keep yourself from feeling like a failure?
wakefulness	Sam tried to go to sleep, but he couldn't.  He suffered from what?
airplane	John asked for a tissue holder because he had a cold.  Where might he be?
near	The driver forgot his glasses, he was having trouble judging distance of oncoming cars and wouldn't pull out thinking they were all what?
dishwasher	The plate was dirty, where did the woman put it?
using money	When someones is buying something what are they doing with their wallet?
helpful	The mother had to run some errands, she told he son if he did his chores while she was gone it would be what?
control people	The politician promised money, what was he hoping to do?
not give up	He wanted to write a novel, what did he have to do when he backed the plot into a corner?
art room	Where is glue well used?
russia	What country is the native home of lemurs?
marry	What is an adult in love likely to do ?
spacecraft	Where would a human need to check how much oxygen he or she has?
believed	When all the members drank the poison and died it was because everybody what?
sincere	What would a person be if he or she did something bad accidentally and then apologized?
aircraft	The skeleton for this needs to be light so it can fly?
drop out of school	What might a student do if they really hate school and they'd rather get a job?
happiness	Mandy was naturally entertaining.  She enjoyed making people feel good and hoped that she could bring lasting what to them?
write letter	How do you communicate with a friend when you are apart?
at hotel	James was from out of town. He lose his keep to his room where?
boat	In what would you find gasoline in the water?
refrigerator	Where should you use a well sealed container?
medical center	Where would you find a dentist office along side other such providers?
over water	How can a bridge be built?
bought at store	I was craving Tyson chicken but didnt have any where did i acquire more?
own animal	A person can like all sorts of pets but they always prefer their what?
surface of earth	If you didn't find any plants on another planet, where might you look to find some?
hear stories	The children gathered around the camp fire to do what?
utah	Where can I find a steakhouse with a view of canyons?
desk	There was a black ring where James had placed his full coffee cup.  Where might the ring be?
multiply	The division of the company saw their profits skyrocket, what did their overall margins do?
lab	The engineers were testing the automaton, where were they likely doing this?
deception	The illusionist had a lot of lying in his magic act, it was all part of his act of what?
employment	Jim is applying for his first job.  He's really nervous, though, and isn't sure he is ready for what?
negligence	The person responsible for the care of the patient was busy on her cell phone, the patient died because of this person's what?
airbase	He controlled all traffic taking off and landing from the control room, what military facility did he work at?
porch	Where is a good place for a lawn chair?
need to rest	What do athletes need to do after a game?
have fun	Someone who is facing boredom will often be told to go out and do what?
ceiling	What is directly above the floor in a building?
flower garden	Debbie buys a ficus on how own, but she doesn't want to keep it in a pot.  Where does she put it?
grand piano	The item didn't sound right because one of it's legs were uneven.  What might the item be?
mobile home	Where do you live if you have a cheap linoleum covering and boxy rooms?
village	Where would you find only one churchyard?
television	If an actor is said to be on the "small screen" where would you see them perform?
surf net	If being bored was a problem and you wanted to quickly read the latest news, you could do so by doing what?
submarines	what are the kind of transport that is used underwater in the atlantic ocean?
store clothes	John took a carboard box and emptied his closet racks into it.  He was using the box to do what?
sporting event	where can you catch a ball?
farm yard	James was scared of the old well.  It was there when he bought what?
special	The teacher explained that even though everybody is general each of the students was an individual, she wanted each student to feel what?
fidgeting	A  person who is standing in like is likely to do what to pass the time?
hurt feelings	Hurting someone else will result in what?
remote	It was hard for them to get news that was local, this is because they lived so what?
headaches	I have a migraine and am finding information, what is my problem?
have rest	The hikers were suffering from fatigue on the steep trail, they decided to stop and what?
subway	What dirty method of getting from one place to another in large cities may not allow you to see daylight?
responsibility	What is a jury judging?
apartment	You may drink from a cup in what small dwelling that are normally grouped together in one building?
car seats	What is leather used for in a car primarily?
softness	Unlike most metal alloys, pewter is known for its what?
detroit	The hospital next to the Sears tower is where?
winning	Why would you want to play cards?
kitchen	The food simmering in the pan smelled delicious, the aroma filled the entire what?
have rest	The hikers were feeling exhaustion, so they sat on a log to what?
ghetto	What area of town is known for having brick row houses?
out of doors	You wouldn't want a weasel indoors, where do you want it?
compassion	God didn't kill off everyone in the flood, so what does that suggest he has?
promise to do	Why is this person getting married?
movies	The audience got up at intermission and bought pop corn.  What might they be watching?
grow bigger	The trees received lots of water and sunlight, what happened as a result?
freeway	Where can you drive your automobile at the highest legal speed?
sweat	What has happened if you are dancing and you smell bad?
disease	Sam has been kissing girls at school.  Unfortunately, he has to stay home for a week. Why might he need to stay home?
apartment	Where do you live if there are a lot of mailboxes in the foyer?
popularity	This person has lots of friends what do they rank high in?
violin case	Where should you store a fiddle when you're not playing it?
jar	The peanuts were sealed for freshness, so where were they placed?
being there	What would happen to someone when he or she is finished going somewhere?
should not	His friend insisted that he must, but his conscience stopped him as he knew that he what?
bank money	A person needs to make a withdrawal, what is he looking for?
work for	In order to have food to eat, what do people typically do for it?
get arrested	A person who has been killing people should have what done by the police?
bomb	What kind of explosive device has a fuse or timer?
tropical seas	The storm was started due to warm waters, what kinds of places does this happen?
brush	She grabbed the handle very tightly to work out the knots, she began to what?
getting in line	If there are a lot of people waiting to order at the fast food restaurant where you decided to have lunch what must you do before you get to order?
eating	If you are chewing food, what broader activity would you be participating in?
bowling alley	From the groups having fun to the falling pins, you'll hear a lot of noise where?
new ideas	What might learning about science  lead to?
desk drawer	Where in your office would you store a highlight that you don't use often?
driveway	Where would you put a car near your house?
park	Where might a family go on a nice day?
move away from	James stopped standing in the mid and began doing what to the pit?
passionate kisses	What can a person expect from their significant other after a long time away?
collapse	What could cause you to stop before running twenty six miles?
more rice	The person enjoyed the takeout, but he felt there was too many vegetables and wanted what?
pockets	where do men keep a wallet?
pantry	Where might groceries go when you take them home and put them in a room that isn't the main cooking room?
kitchen cabinet	What is a good container for a potato?
study hard	To stay on the team he had to pass class, so he and the tutor began to what?
low crime	Why does a person move to the suburbs?
practice	There was a test tomorrow, what did the guy need to do?
dairy barn	If you owned a single heifer, where might you keep her most of the time.
desktop	Danny needed a new mouse, his was jumping around  whenever he moved it.   Where might his mouse be?
little bit	The recipe called for much salt to really bring out the flavor, but given his dietary restrictions he added just a what?
war	Why would people use airplanes?
provide comfort	How can music help someone who is down?
space shuttle	Nasa floods the immediate area when what takes off?
gulf states	Texas has a very long shoreline, but it isn't the longest of the nearby whats?
seat belts	Because of safety concerns a law was passed, now all cars must have what?
honor	In Japanese feudal times leaders would despise and punish people who they believe had no what?
restaurant	Billy Bob sat on a bar stool and ordered a steak.  He ordered a steak because despite the style this place didn't serve alcohol.  What sort of place was this?
drink water	Sweating excessively when you exercise will mean you need to do what?
country	The president is the highest office where?
forgetting	What is the opposite of remembering?
garden	The woman was okay with the bug since it was a predator of aphids, where did the bug live?
happen to people	Accidents involving cars affect who?
front yard	While mowing the lawn he had to be careful not to hit the landscaping, he didn't want to launch a rock at a passing car while working in the what?
market	Where can someone go and buy cheese?
week	What can some day be combined to form?
checkers	What are you buying at the general store when you buy a box full of black and red chips?
bus depot	Where do homeless people go to ty to move around?
own home	Where would a person keep a personal ficus?
getting work done	A lawyer is taking care of proposals, what are they trying to do?
feel pleasure	If a person is on vacation what are they likely to achieve?
artificial	He appreciated the small park and its taste of nature, living in the city just felt so what?
yawn	If you awake but are not fully ready to be up, what are you likely to do?
simplicity	The person preferred what in life rather than a hectic mess?
rug	If you put a newspaper on the floor and walk on it what is it taking the place of?
hoarse voice	John was good at singing, usually.  But today he couldn't do it.  Why can't John sing?
hospital	Where cna you find emergency dental office services?
department store	John is walking an aisle full of children's clothes and ahead of him he sees televisions.  What sort of store is he probably shopping at?
louisiana	If you see a fox in a southern delta state, where are you?
market	One might procure magazines and other items here.
feeling satisfied	Seeing the desired results of doing housework left her what?
cup	What do you normally get out to get yourself a drink?
dying	If you're committing murder what would happen to your victim?
city	If you see skyscrapers outside the window of you hotel room, what kind of area are you in?
wanting more	Getting only a small taste might leave you what?
canada	An American might hike a mountain north to get to what?
go crazy	What reaction would a fan have if they met their idol?
hug	She had to comfort friend that day, she gave her a big ole what?
sea	If you sale all seven of them you might come across an isle or two, but the one with the treasure is in just a single what?
telescope	What device with a lens would be used to see distant stars and planets?
store	Where do I go to pick more candy up when it's all gone?
mail box	Where are you likely to find a phone bill?
capital punishment	In Texas what is likely to happen after stabbing someone to death?
play poker	If someone has a strong feeling of greed and wants to make some quick money what might they try to do?
care for people	How does god want one another to treat others according to the bible?
not harmed	Why would a person be happy about an accident?
getting wet	What is likely to happen to a driver with an open sunroof during  rainstorm?
conquer opponent	His hatred drove him, he rose through the ranks and eventually led the soldiers to the end game of doing what?
television	Where can you fast forward through advertisements?
sweating	You loose water in your body while playing sport because of what?
bank money	How can people acquire things they desire?
soap	When you clean clothes what do you need to put in the washer?
clothing store	Where can you expect to find items made of fabric that adorn one's body?
pride	The man had worked hard to see idea become reality, seeing it work had him beaming with what?
might fall	What causes fear in skating?
new york city	Where can a human find an animal park among other attractions?
department store	The bookshop only sold specialty items, so where should someone go for popular books?
posession	Where should I have a map that I want to use soon?
medicine cabinet	Where would you put an electric razor to protect it from water?
cave	It was dark and wet and only got worse the deeper they went, but they wanted to find the passageway to where the bats lived in the what?
documentary	Where can you watch information on lizards?
treetops	The monkey didn't touch the ground.  He jumped around, laughed, threw things, and had all sorts of fun, but he never left something. What did he never leave?
relief	After stopping being married to a person you no longer love, what emotion may you experience?
mail clients	When a company wants to let people know about upcoming deals and offers, what do they do?
river	Where might a bass move closer?
armies	Joe wasn't prepared to wage war. He had not raised what?
clap	How do people show appreciation after they enjoy a show?
rest	What is someone trying to get by going to bed?
nursing home	Where do nurses work with older people?
septic tank	Where would bacteria be contained?
open up	In order to read a book what must you do to it?
backyard	Where might a small dog spend a nice day?
interest in	What might understanding better what a subject is lead to?
agreeable	Though the negotiation was hard, the two sides found a solution that was what?
beginning	The middle of a trip comes after the what?
panic	Danny was meeting his friend James, but James didn't show up. James was always punctual.  As time wore on and it became clear that his friend wasn't coming, Danny began to do what?
bad karma	What is likely to happen to someone who hurts someone else without regret?
large city	Where is the most likely place for more than one stadium?
contumely	James didn't have much respect for Sarah. He spoke to her how?
shopping center	Billy was opening a new Deli. He wanted to open it in a place that gets a lot of traffic.  Where might he open it?
jump rope	What can children do outside but not in a small room?
have nightmares	Some people believe that eating a heavy meal before going to sleep at night will cause you to what?
united states	Alaska has the most coast of any in the what?
everglades	Bill is in a large marsh in Florida, where is he?
underage	What is someone not legal to buy alcohol?
apartment	Where would you put a ficus if you want to protect it from the rain?
animals	The vet was concerned about all of the blood he saw, where was the blood coming from?
tire wear	What happens when someone is driving their car for a long time?
toy store	where can someone get a new chess set?
sing	What do children often do to express happiness?
tugboat	The helm is the steering control for what which pulls shipping barges through bodies of water?
grocery store	I need to pick up a balloon after getting some snacks and a cake, where can I get all these things at once?
forgetfulness	If a person was getting drunk the previous night and woke up the next morning, what might they experience?
being imprisoned	What is a negative external consequence for someone who takes part in a killing?
hockey game	What are canadian players known for?
warm place	The snake was cold, what did it seek?
cough	Usually people that sneeze will also do what?
read music	They play violin, but can't learn others' musical pieces, what couldn't they do?
race against time	A person was finishing a test and looking frantically at the clock, what did they have to do?
jail	If you get in a fight after getting drunk where are you likely to end up?
startled	Upon discovering the truth unexpectedly, what did it do to the scientist?
feel lonely	If people have no contact with others they will experience what emotion?
fall asleep	John kept standing up.  He was afraid that if he were sitting down he might do something. What might he be afraid of?
all kinds of things	The person was bored of life, what was he up to do?
sewing	She wanted to learn to needlepoint, what was he goal competency?
see work	If you're a construction foreman and your job is to supervise others, what would your eyes been doing all day?
might drive car	How might a person go somewhere?
toy	A super ball is a popular what that children enjoy?
body of water	The teacher was trying to describe what an island was to the young children, she explained it was a piece of land surrounded by what?
mess	The toddler thought it would be fun to try eating breakfast in bed, what resulted?
input	Billy wants to learn how to socialize, but he doesn't know where to start.  He calls his best friend and asks for what?
desktop	Where are you likely to find personal books?
going down hill	When you got on the sleighing ride you were only headed one way, and that way was what?
sporting goods store	Where would you go to buy a ball or bat?
rest	Going to bed would help someone to do what?
orphan	The couple was looking to adopt, what were they looking at profiles of?
looking pretty	Two people were grooming each other in anticipation of a party.  Why might they be grooming?
burn paper	He couldn't take the match straight to the log and hope to get warm, he first crumpled up some what?
basement	Where should I not put these boxes if my house is likely to flood?
arrest	If you're becoming inebriated and start a fight what would the authorities do?
nevada	Where is known for a multitude of wedding chapels?
manhattan	The kids were living big in the big city, the went to a nightclub on the lower east side of where?
earn money	What is a likely result of returning to work?
public house	Where do you go to a bar?
space shuttle	Where would a person go if he or she wants to get a good view?
write code	What does a human need to do before a program will exist?
smile	What expression should you make if you're trying to make friends?
need to eat	The animals were acting rabid at the sight of a bucket, why?
prison sentence	If proof is found of someone killing people they will likely receive a long what?
dentist office	The toothbrush was given to the man for free, where did the man get it?
damage	His addiction to drugs had affected many aspects of his life, his relationships had suffered the most what?
front door	What is a person likely to lock at night?
office	As the day ended he eyed the door from his desk, work was soon over and he could leave the what?
downtown area	Where in a metropolitan area would you likely find a dance club?
supplies	A woman was running around town doing her errands, what was she gathering?
kitchen cupboard	Where would you put a plate after washing it?
front yard	Where is a good place to plant an apple tree you just bought?
salt water	Where must a jellyfish live?
prepare	What would a person do the day before they were supposed to perform?
thin	The pizza crust was very broad and large in circumference, but it was crispy and what?
dimly lit room	If you're lighting a candle to see what are you in?
fabric store	Where could you get something that is made out of wool but cannot be worn?
discomfort	When a person brings up marital issues while chatting with friends, what is the general feeling?
lake	What small area is likely to have a boat?
town	Which location has spots where people can take their kids to play on playgrounds?
at hotel	The bedroom is pretty much the only room, that's the common layout where?
dance	When hearing music while drinking alcohol, what are people likely to do?
full	His bare arms were flexing as he carried the wood inside, what was the status of his grasp?
rock band	Where would be an unusual place for a harmonica?
get laid	The man spent the weekend with his girlfriend. What is he likely to have done?
take life	What is the goal of someone planning to kill?
compete	What could result in winning?
communication	Talking and writing are forms of what?
grow shorter	Unlike young people, older people can do what?
empowering	The teacher was explaining how important it is to learn all you can, she said it can get you anywhere and is very what?
suitcase	John was cleaning up and found pics from his trip to California in something old.  What did he probablt find them in?
kitchen	Where are mice usually found in  house?
hospital	Where must you go for a blood transfusion?
do like	What activity should I partake in to have fun?
palace	Sarah rented a cabin in the woods, but it was so large and spacious that it felt more like what?
church	Dan found a bunch of ball bearings behind a wall when he was doing renovations.  Where might that wall have been?
muscle	What makes it possible for your bones to move?
front pocket	The man lost his keys while walking in a crime-ridden area, where did he look?
container	Where would you put some coffee if you do not need it immediately?
candle	What is a light source that does not require electricity?
purse	Where would you put coins if you want to bring them with you?
unconventional	What would someone be if he or she is not normal?
roadsides	Where does litter end up when it's tossed from a car?
criminal trial	Killing will result in what kind of trial?
plate	How would chicken be served?
easter	What happens soon after christmas?
summer	The trees turned color and it got cold, fall had officially taken over what?
school building	Where would you find a shelf with toys for young people learning?
think more clearly	Why will breathing fresh air help you when deciding whether to do something?
feeling happy	Having fun with people you care about will likely cause you to do what?
card catalogue	He liked to write every address out on an index card, then he would sort and store them in his what?
get free	Wrestling is a contest where two people try to pin each other to the ground.  If you are about to be pinned, what should you try to do?
conservatory	Where might someone find many varieties of ficus?
university	Where would students go to get a higher education?
company	I don't have internet connection, who do I call?
mandatory	What kind of leave did the manager assign all nonessential personnel?
graveyard	Where does my body go after I am no longer living?
making love	What prevents a couple from going to bed?
stop working	Why do you not earn money while you have lunch?
follow instructions	Billy didn't understand computers but he could work them.  This was because he could easily do what?
fatigue	The man had been entertaining his whole life, being in his nineties now doing a show can lead to what?
being satisfied	Why would you be eating breakfast?
free flowing	Thick molasses isn't what?
inspiring	What does hearing someone play violin beautifully make you?
answer	He kept calling but to no avail, what was he hoping to get?
going to jail	If you're found responsible for intentionally starting a fire what will happen?
germany	What is a place that could have hundreds of thousands of chess board?
desk	He spent all work day at a computer, so he got a footstool for more comfort at his what?
university	What could have tens of thousands of paper clips?
public house	When John flew to a new state he didn't know where any of the bars where.  He eventually found something that wasn't a bar but still served drinks. What might he have found?
sing	John found that being in love made him higher.  He wanted to share his love with everyone, to express it.  He wanted to do what all the time.
mountainous terrain	Where could a bald eagle see for mile around?
emotional distress	The couple was getting divorce, they were most concerned about causing their children what?
convention	What sort of gathering might business people attend to get updates about their industry?
clutter	What can happen after setting a cup on a table many times?
skill	What is required for someone to win when competing against someone else in ball?
chesapeake bay	What estuary in Maryland and Virginia is known for its crab?
heading east	Why would people go into a ship?
feeling satisfied	Why do I eat just enough when eating breakfast?
conclave	A regular everyday human would just call it a meeting, but people like cardinals might call it a what?
cabinet	If you there is glass in this you could possibly see dishes.
office	Where would you see someone typing on a keyboard?
bowl of soup	Where do you dip a spoon into?
democratic	What does the D in DRC stand for?
competition	Where are you if a number of athletes are wrestling?
street corner	Where is the mailbox between my house and the next block?
think critically	How does a human solve problems?
remember everything	The elephant was asked to recall a number mentioned earlier, why was it asked this?
park	Where would you play basketball outside?
sell stock	How does an investor get cash?
front	John's parking space was in a great position.  Where was it in relation to the building?
field	Where could you find insects eating something green?
hotel	John couldn't find an affordable place to stay so he decided to splurge.  He picked a place that was fancy and upscale, expensive.  Where might he be staying?
pass sentence	There was a lot of anger for the guilty party as the judge did what?
desire to advance	He was a real go getter and hard worker, he liked being in the company and had a what?
eat	His cupboards were barren, so he had to go to work so he could what?
crying	James is watching a film.  In the end, when the dog is shot, he finds himself doing what?
fairgrounds	Where might sheep go to a show?
accomplishing	When a person is beginning work, what aren't they doing yet?
imagination	God made a platypus, what does this indicate about him?
record albums	How can someone listen to vinyl?
have cancer	What does not happen to all cats?
bedside table	Where do you keep a book to read before bed?
knowledge	Faith can be defined as belief without what?
drawer	Where can you store stamps in your home?
illness	Getting drunk excessively can lead to chronic what?
carefree	Joe didn't have any concern for small things.   Some people thought that he was irresponsible, but Sarah insisted he was just what?
fun	The teen really enjoyed listening to music, it was his way of having what?
live well	The person began exercising, what is he seeking?
memorize	Jane has a desire to learn every animal's taxonomic name on the planet, what must she do?
one body	A human is fragile, so you should take care since you only get what?
death	She always made sure her infant was sleeping the right way, the articles she read had made her paranoid about what happening?
pleasure	Why would someone be using computer?
gain weight	The man was eating lunch but never ate reasonably sized meals, what happened as a result?
office	Jenny answered the phone because this was what she did for a living.   She took a message and passed it on.  It was important, about a big project.  Where might Jenny be?
united states	Where can you get on a highway in San Diego, Omaha, and Atlanta?
waiting room	Where could there be many couch, all with people sitting on them?
temple	When a person is looking at an altar, where might they be standing?
basement	Bill's power is out.  Where does he go to check his breaker box?
books	What would you need a light source to use?
math problem	A number is the usual response to what?
longing	Seeing people play the game made Victor remember when he played the game.  He experienced something, remembering his past.  What might he have felt?
have eyes	There's an obvious prerequisite to being able to watch film, and that is to what?
transportation cost	What might make a person stop driving to work and instead take the bus?
prepared	If you need to travel in the cold, you would be best to be what?
go to market	When you bring home fish, where could you go?
arena	It was tradition for the team to enter what through the central passage?
satisfaction	Joe wants to have a relationship with someone.  He thinks that loving another will bring him what?
carpal tunnel syndrome	What could be a serious consequence of typing too much?
city	Where is a crowded motorway likely to be?
sweating	What will a body be doing after jogging?
make sound	Sally had a throat injury.  She can't talk because she is unable to do what?
change	What could stop you fron analysing?
tailor shop	Fabric is cut to order at what type of seller?
kitchen	Where would you find a dustbin that is being used?
grocery store	Where would you find many a shelf covered with food items?
calcium	What mineral is plentiful in milk and helps bone development?
office park	She like her job at the reception desk, but didn't like her long commute, what did she likely live far away from?
injury	What is something I need to avoid while playing ball?
every home	Where would you find sugar in a town?
public place	Not many have a revolving door in their private homes, they're usually found in a what?
alive	What is the opposite of being dead?
dog show	A small dog will do well in what competition?
science lab	Where would you go to get a tuning fork you forgot?
children's song	The family TV personality was dressed as a weasel, and he began to play a what?
england	He though that a teakettle would be a good souvenir from his trip to merry old what?
relaxation	Sam liked getting drunk.  He did it for what?
nursery	Where would you find a bottle used to feed a new human?
wall	Where do you hang a picture?
different	She told her child it was okay he was that way, and that everyone is what?
do well	The principal encourage everyone to try hard in school, what did he want them to do?
gain wealth	What is the goal of a younger , risky investor?
adequate	What kind of service would you want if you do not want bad service or very good service?
effectively treated	John suffered from mental illness, but he was in good hands.  He would have to be on drugs for the rest of his life, but they allowed it to be what?
town	Where are buildings likely to be small?
wooded area	Where can a beaver find materials to build their dams?
spare time	A person who works 14 hours a day will have very little what?
learn music	The teacher explained why he should play piano even though he wanted to play guitar, she said it was the best introduction to what?
gallbladder	It turned out it wasn't a kidney stone, what might it have been a stone in?
wine country	Where are small grapes likely to be found?
grocery shop	If I am suffering from boredom, and I am also hungry, what should I do?
dreaming of	She had a vision before going to bed, what was she doing?
valley	If you follow a road toward a river what feature are you driving through?
own home	What is a person's goal to ownas an adult with a family?
own things	How can you tell whether people are rich?
abandoned	The stray dog never warmed up to a human again, he never got over being what?
rest in bed	If a person is tired how can they be refreshed?
restaurants	Where would you buy alcohol from a person who will also bring things to eat?
captivity	After the bald eagle was caught, where did it spend the rest of its life?
television	Dan didn't like what he was seeing, so he turned the control know and flipped it to Andy.  What is the knob on?
medicine cabinet	Joe is looking for his comb, which he keeps near a mirror.  Where might he try looking for  it?
city	The thoroughfare ran though a place full of skyscrapers.  Where did it run through?
malaise	Bill is returning to work.   He has experienced a bad feeling and thus stayed home for a week.  What did he probably feel?
frivolous	The deep ocean is dark, and diving into it is both dangerous and what?
chess game	He moved to check and accidentally said "king me", he got an odd look from his opponent since they were playing a what?
human face	All the artist had to do was paint the lips, what would his end result be on the canvas?
french government	Where might a bureau be in charge?
skinny	She felt the need to continue to lose weight, this was despite her already being what?
zoo	Where was there never any mammoth?
space shuttle	Food on what kind of transport is normally freeze dried or dehydrated?
container	Something that holds food or other items is called what?
dress herself	What would an adult woman do to get ready for work?
city	James wanted to build a new strip mall, but he wanted a lot of traffic.  He decided to build it in a high density residential area.  Where might he build it?
distance themselves	How might someone stop being a lover?
bathroom	She always wondered how safe it was to use her hair dryer straight after a hot shower, it was always so wet and steamy in the what?
left foot	What does someone likely need after finding the right shoe?
building	Shareholders gather in what to have meetings?
have more knowledge	WHy do people learn?
inspiration	Bob is a very creative person.  Visiting the museum gave him a lot of what?
downtown area	Where is a nightclub likely to be?
rock band	The Blowfish make music for their lead, they are a what?
tiredness	When spending a long time walking a dog what would you feel?
rome	Where is the trevi fountain?
accomplishment	After making successfully climbing a difficult ascent you gain a sense of what?
sheath	What would you do with a sword you are holding if you do not need to use it?
patient	Sally worked at a dentist office. She had to work late.  What might have caused her to work late?
understanding	He didn't understand the subject at first, but after studying it for a while, what did he gain?
great outdoors	Bald eagles naturally live where?
capitol building	What is the name of the government building that houses the U.S. Congress?
shake hands	The people began thanking each other, and they sealed the deal by doing what?
working correctly	If a clock is ticking, what is its likely status?
yellow	What is a very common color in flowers?
auditorium	Where will the stage for the students' graduation be found?
illinois	Jane bought a small dog half way through her trip while driving back home to Toronto from Mexico.   Where might she have bought the dog?
reward	After giving assistance to a person who's lost their wallet what is customarily given?
movement	How did the sleeping child know they were still in the process of going somewhere?
cost money	Computers have always been cutting edge technology, so they what?
desk	What kind of furniture would you put stamps in if you want to access them often?
fraternity house	What is something that probably has a lot of testosterone and way too much alcohol?
restaurants	Where can a person drink alcohol as they slice a steak?
enlightenment	What does learning about world lead to?
feel remorse	What is likely to be felt by someone after a kill?
own land	The aboriginal people ended up being displaced by settlers who justified themselves with the fact that the displaced people didn't have a formal system to do what?
solutions	What does a person need to figure out when they have questions?
battlefield	Hundreds of miles away a paper was signed and the conflict was over, not a single drop of blood would hit the what that day?
have rest	If you're feeling a little bit of fatigue what can you do?
enjoyment	May was watchign a film about turtles who fight crime.  It was a silly film, but exciting.  It gave her a great deal of what?
happy	James went to Sarah's birthday party on the day after his father died.  He wanted her to be what?
learning	He enjoyed attending lecture, it was his favorite way of what?
suffering	What usually happens to citizens when there is waging war?
upset stomach	Sally offered James Dinner but James couldn't stand the idea of having food.  What did he have?
learning	Spending time seeing artifacts listening to museum lectures will lead to what?
pleasure	What is likely the motive for serial killing?
feel pain	What signals when an animal has received an injury?
relaxation	If you've had a difficult work day what are you hoping to gain when buying beer?
arm themselves	What do police do when getting ready to work?
sky	If you let go of a balloon where will it go?
jail	The newspaper was his was his only connection to the outside world while doing time where?
unpleasant odors	He had eaten a lot of asparagus, when he was urinating next he was overcome with what?
work hard	If a person spends all day at their job, what are they likely doing?
take notes	The clicking away of a shorthand typewriter was doing what while hearing testimony?
palace	The entrance hall was grandiose and had royalty inside, where was the entrance hall?
cabinet	Where do a lot of people store their extra toilet paper?
pick flowers	James is a gardener.  That is his profession.  He gardens.  What is one thing that he cannot do in his job?
have patience	Why would you be able to wait for someone?
express yourself	A dance is a great way to do what?
bedside table	Where will a book being read by one person be kept?
shop	Where is a delicatessen likely to be inside?
rabbit warren	The weasel hit the jackpot when he discover the maze of burrows that made up what?
skinny	The crass men were talking about what they called a broad, one said he thought she was too what?
contempt	Professionally the fighters always maintained a level of respect, but personally they held each other in what for things that were said?
table	Where would you find a vase in a restaurant?
anger	Sometimes playing game means losing, he wasn't good at losing though and showed lots of what?
shelf	What could you use to store a clock?
music store	The wacky performer needed a new accordion, so he went where to get one?
free flowing	What would honey be if it is not thick?
clear head	When a stressed person is breathing fresh air, what are they often looking to do?
express yourself	Why do you write in a diary?
meadow	A bug was looking for wildflowers and no human interruption, where did he go?
roman architecture	What types of buildings typically have a column?
friend's house	Where would you borrow some chairs if you do not have any?
everything	God rested after building a lot of stuff, so what did he build?
freezing	What is the opposite of hot?
works	A helper monkey does what around the home of a disabled person?
rare	The diamonds were difficult for the prospectors to find, but why is that?
agitated	The cat seemed calm around the stranger, but it was actually quite what and ready to claw?
fear of heights	What prevents someone from climbing?
boutique	If you aren't in a jewelry store or looking in a jewelry box where might you find a choker?
store	Where would you buy a can of soda along side many other items for sale?
eat ice cream	The hot weather made me crave something cold, what did I seek?
desk	Where in your room would you put scissors that you use all the time?
bedroom	The comforter was missing from the couples' sleep the other night and they were cold, where should it have been?
deli	They opened up their picnic basket, they began constructing their sandwiches with what meat?
find food	When someone is searching for a place to have lunch they are trying to?
average	In Hollywood,  Beautiful isn't exceptional.  What is it?
write letter	What could a solicitor do to warn of upcoming litigation?
express yourself	Everybody has some sort of creativity, it's the best way to what?
bloody mess	What might a person see at the scene of a brutal killing?
see	How can you find a jellyfish without coming near it?
weight gain	Billy loved having food, but he didn't like the consequences of overeating.   What is the long-term consequence of having too much food?
meet	After making contact the spy had to go somewhere to what?
turn right	James was driving away from work. He slid into the outside lane.  Up ahead he would have to do what?
wonder what happened	If a person sees an accident, what do they generally wonder?
urban region	I live in a rural area, so where am I likely going if I drive through a turnpike?
buying beer	She was hitting bottle to the point that doing what would seem like sobering up even though it wasn't?
nodding	How do you show that you are agreeing with someone?
getting fat	Over-indulgence when having food can lead to what?
opponent	Who is someone competing against?
bad breath	The guy ate a lunch of onions, sardines, and garlic, what did he have as a result?
jail	If a human breaks the law, where could they be placed?
prepare meals	Why are cooks hired?
singing	When birds are looking for a mate they're going to be doing what?
attempting to communicate	What are you trying to achieve when you're talking?
sweat	After running twenty six miles he felt like he had lost twenty six pounds, this was from all the what?
better knowledge	What do you get when you analysing something new?
ballpark	Where would a box office be selling tickets for something that is happening outside?
humdrum	What events are typical, expected and not divine?
awards ceremony	She celebrated her success by giving a speech, where was she?
ship	What is a steel cable called a wire rope primarily used for?
music shop	If a person wants to take up harmonica where might they find one to get started?
open mind	What leads someone to learning about world?
experience life	If a person is trying new things, what is their goal?
public outcry	What happens to a neighborhood when someone is known to be hurting someone else?
cave	In what geological feature will you find fungus growing?
kitchen cupboard	John buys a 5 pound block of salt. Where is he likely to keep it?
drawer	Where might a t-shirt be kept?
secondary	When making a list what comes after the main item?
seattle	John wants to eat at an Indian restaurant in on top of the space needle, where would he have to go?
barn	Where do tabby cats usually like to live?
bad breath	Their first kiss was ruined, his bad choice of smoking had given him what?
buildings	What are people in awe of in New York City?
construction site	The catwalk was five stories up and exposed, everybody had to wear helmets and harnesses at the where?
distance himself	How does a doctor deal with suffering and death in his patients?
write poems	The writer wasn't known for them but he loved to what about nature?
get dirty	Children leave home with clean clothes and then?
get arrested	If you're caught buying beer for children what will happen?
windowsill	The old house had a loose window, this meant the what needed a coat of paint yearly?
yeast	What do you add to you dough when making bread to make it rise?
die of cancer	What might happen to a person with a tumor?
michigan	If you rent a condominium in a glove-shaped state where are you?
mail	How might a bank statement arrive at someone's house?
jar	John wanted to keep his food fresh, she he bought something that would let him suck the air it, leaving empty space inside.   This would keep food fresh.  This item was a type of what?
aloft	Stood below the balloons and studied them closely.  As he looked to the sky, he didn't see anything holding them up.  He wondered what the balloons where?
die	When someone is not living anymore they?
wash dishes	What does a person do in a dirty kitchen?
football stadium	The big match was today and those lucky enough to have tickets filled in to the what?
mess	When one is stabbing to death another, they might look around and realize what a what they have made?
being ahead	A reaching advantage will lead to what in a race?
tornadoes	A hurricane is similar to what other wind event?
obscure	Joe put clear tape on his glasses because he did not want to do what to his field of vision?
soccer game	Where could you find a person standing next to a net?
receiving money	He was really cashing in after the accident, the judge ruled he would be what in full?
supermarket	Where would you go if you want to get many types of goods?
building	Where is likely to have a large door?
toy box	James finishes playing with his ball and left it on the floor.  His mother found it and put it somewhere that he could find it easily.  Where might she put it?
reject	They would only allow one more in, he was unfortunately a what?
sadness	Billy enjoyed answering questions.  When all of the questioners went home he experienced what emotion?
construct	James wanted to ruin the parade.  In order to do that, he did something in the middle of the street.  What did he do?
desert	The excavation workers had to take extra care to stay hydrated, what landscape might they be working?
laboratory	The researcher cut his hand and went to the sink, where was the researcher?
cool drink	What is often the function of ice?
vomit	If you get too drunk and make a mess with your own liquids what have you likely done?
refrigerator	Where can you store a pie?
car	What can you put in a parking lot?
listen to music	WHat do many people like to do at festivals?
bookstore	Where are you likely to find endless shelves?
tennessee	He saw that he was about an hour from Jackson after heaidng east on the de Soto bridge, where was he?
drop to zero	The temperature was such that one could see their breath, what was occuring?
networked	Computers were important in John's work, but they were useless if they weren't what?
floor	Where would you place a bed in a new house?
fight each other	What do people do sometimes when they find a good deal?
web	What does a spider build to capture it's prey?
building	Where would a beauty parlor be?
die	The boy pondered commititng suicide, but didn't think of the consequences, what would he do should he carry though with it?
pharmacy	Where can a woman get birth control pills?
throw things	Sam's children are rambunctious.  What might they do?
sunshine	Lance owns a vineyard.  To make grapes he needs plenty of what?
bar	The dumb kid tried to use his student ID at the door, this obviously did not get him into the what?
food market	If the recipe called for a potato, where could you get one along with other ingredients?
die in battle	What do soldiers do when their opponents get the upper hand?
closet	Where is a dress shirt kept?
television	Bob is happy that the programs he was in will be seen by millions of people.  Where will these programs be shown?
keg	Where are gallons of beer held in one container?
brazil	The monkey was frightened because the zoo looked nothing like his home.  The plants were the same, the trees were the same, but it still wasn't right  Where did the monkey come from?
train station	John needed to go across the country so he ordered tickets online and got into his car.  Where might he be going?
sorrow	The woman called herself the Joy.  She married a man called what?
large building	The building could accommodate many people.  The entrance hall alone was impressive, being wide enough to admit a hundred shoulder to shoulder.  But the building was owned by a billionaire and used only for his personal entertainment.  How would you describe this place?
museum	Where do you go to see a dinosaur bone?
building	A garage is a type of what?
large house	The back courtyard led to a walkout basement, where was it attached to?
play outside	When young people are bored and want to recreate, what do they do?
atlas	I am lost on a turnpike without a GPS, so what should I consult?
friend's house	If you lost track of a monkey at home what is the closest place you should look first?
keep people out	Why would someone close a door?
hallway	What floor do you run between rooms?
house	Lily bought some new clothing at the mall. She put it in her car and took it somewhere. Where might she take it?
stadium	These locker rooms are often visited by reporters.
play piano	Humans enjoy sitting while expressing themselves artistically, so what did they invent?
science	John thought that there was no conflict between religion and what?
arguments	What can planning vacation lead to between a couple when they disagree?
speak	When you're telling many people about something you will need to do what to address them?
expect to die	Since we aren't immortal, people should what?
airport	Where would you find travelers that are planning to go to a different continent?
liquor store	Despite this name out front you will also find beer and wine where too?
produce sound	Computers with audio cards can do what?
computer store	Where can you buy a complex system?
women	The man was crass and rude, all the what in the office filed a complaint together?
basement	Where are there often spiders in a house?
good relationship	The person signed up for a dating website, what is he looking for?
nuclear weapons	What leads to mass death?
share things	What do people who are collectivist do?
surface of earth	Lilly wanted to see every type of flower that there is.  But this is a tall order, because flowers grow all over what?
college campus	The student liked to play tennis, she frequented the tennis court on the what?
baking	When is food never cold?
get in shape	Being fat is unhealthy, one who is should probably exercise to what?
feeling better	James likes listening to after a long and hard day, along with a cool bath.  He finds that it makes him what?
sleep soundly	For a stressed out mother a baby is cutest when it is able to what?
beach	Where is driftwood usually found in large quantities?
soccer game	When black and white balls are kicked with feet what is being played?
motion sickness	What is often a side effect of traveling on the water?
conference	What do I attend annually to check out the offered programs?
new jersey	Where is a motorway likely to have tolls?
unemployed	What would you be if you do not have work?
anywhere on earth	As the human rode in his spacecraft in orbit around his home planet, what did he have a view of?
being alive	When someone is talking a lot and being lively, they are said to be?
beach	John cut his feet on broken glass while walking.  Where might have he been walking?
obesity	He was eating too much and the doctors warned him, what was his condition?
bad breath	What could happen after you are eating lunch that affects other people?
think and reason	The robot could do lots of things, but unlike a human when presented with new situations it could not what?
throw up	While getting drunk the body can only process so much at a time, go too fast and your belly might just make you what?
legs	Playing tennis can be a great workout, all the lateral movement really gets the whats?
sun itself	The snake was very cold inside it's cage, so at the first opportunity it did what?
lie back	John thought that it was relaxing to do what?
church	Where may a human find peace?
garage	A person surrounded by tools and oil cans would probably be found in a what?
going too fast	Why did the police office pull the car over?
entertaining	People like to watch movies to escape for a couple hours, they find them very what?
room	Where in your home would you store a satchel?
house	What could have an iron in some areas of it but not in other areas?
get	What do you want to do when you love something?
ignoring	John wanted respect, but  Lud didn't even act like he was alive.  What was Lud doing?
asia	What continent  has a country with a historical wall?
acceptance	Out changing society meets a lot of resistance by people who like the old way of things.   But slowly, new ways gain what?
hurry home	What do people do when they remember that they left their oven turned on?
drug store	Prescriptions being the specialty the store charges higher prices for most other goods, I'd be paying for convenience if I bought a hair dryer where?
ante	The high rollers began playing poker, there were no blinds so they all did what?
kentucky	What state north of alabama has many a beaver?
hospital	Where would you find people using a laser to alleviate suffering?
cost money	Why do some people choose to not own cars?
sing	Driving to work can be monotonous, she would play her favorite music and just what along with it?
euphoria	Lilly was still getting warm.  She ran her hands over John's body, he kissed her.  She couldn't think straight anymore.  Every nerve was tingling.  Nothing ever felt so right. She was experiencing what?
pacific ocean	Where might  jellyfish stay warm?
circus	Where can we see an elephant do tricks?
round	It is hard to predict a rebound in basketball, this is because the ball and rim are what?
ontario	The beaver swam through the country he symbolized, where was he likely to be?
concert	Which group is the cover for tonight's musical program?
furniture store	Where can you get a dining room table?
snore	What could happen as a secondary result of being tired?
disagreements	If a couple is having financial issues, buying products can lead to what?
repair	If something attempted to destroy something but didn't fully succeed, then one might be able to do what to it afterwards?
cellar	Where is highly unusual to put a furnace?
notebook	What might someone store in a ring binder?
mistakes	Why does grooming require careful consideration.?
trash	Where do you put junk mail?
motel	Billy emptied his trash can into the big dumpster.  Housekeeping was supposed to do it, but it was easy for him, and this place was cheap.  Where is Billy?
incomplete	If I want to write a proper sentence, what must I make sure it is not?
inhaling	After doing what he held his breathe?
rhode island	He bought an apple tree to plant near Providence, where did the tree get planted?
agitation	If you're standing in line all day and someone cuts in front of you what may you feel?
flea market	The plate was an antique, where did the man buy it?
stone age	If man and mammoth wanted to meet, they would probably have to do it during when?
intoxication	what is another word for getting drunk?
go outside	Where does a dog go to pee?
rest area	If you need a restroom while on the road where can you stop?
city council meeting	What is something that the public can go to which involves a committee?
happiness	What would happen if you are having a good time while chatting with friends?
nonstandard	The tool didn't fit the bolt, and the tool had a standard sizing, what was the bolt like?
airport	You can land, claim your things, and go right to a bus stop where?
palace	The king strolled through his back courtyard, where was near?
toy store	The salesperson had to be especially good with children, he did work where after all?
playground	Where could you find a pebble that has been walked on?
being trapped	Brother Mike escaped the collapsed mine.  Ever since, he was afraid of what?
refrigerator	Max looked for the onions so that he could  made a stew.  Where might he have looked?
atheist	Religion plays a big role in many lives, but the what in the room is oddly often the most preachy?
visual	John thought that using television is different from listening to radio. How is television different from radio?
roll over	What can happen to your car if you take a corner at too high a velocity?
earnings	What can the stockholders of the company look at to see how well it's doing?
form opinions	If people are told something controversial, what do they do next?
school band	All the parents gathered in the cafeteria to watch the performance, Mark's were there to watch him play trombone in the what?
many places	Where can a human in a large northeastern city find food?
travel	When do people go shopping for souvenirs?
hotel	Where would have a specialty hair salon for guests?
forest canopy	A sloth climbs slow, but it can eventually reach all the way up where?
become educated	When someone is learning about science what happens to them?
mexico	Where south of the U.S. can you find a steak house serving Dos Equis cerveza?
stumble	The christian rock band was on a large stage, the singer's foot got caught on a wire and he had a small what?
feel relieved	The person took a ibuprofen after experiencing a headache, what happened to him next?
montana	You may see a beaver when visiting what state known as "Big Sky Country"?
loving couple	What kind of parents make the happiest child?
depression	What happened when economic forces don't match a changing society?
have fun	Jane was going to the party.  She didn't care about making friends or gorging on alcohol, she just wanted to do what?
relief	John didn't know what to get for anyone. Buying Christmas presents was stressful for him, and finishing was whaat?
smoke	Chatting with friends can be bad for your health if you join them outside while they what?
city	It is important to spend time in nature and sometimes get out of where?
happiness	What does kissing lead to?
pride	My chest is swelling at the prospect of gaining more land. Why is my chest swelling?
dry skin	Washing hands too often can cause what?
dishwasher	Where do you put a bowl after it is used?
feel relaxed	What is usually the mood when chatting with friends?
book	Where might I find a history of the kingdom?
eastern united states	If you're in North America traveling an expressway toward the Atlantic Ocean, where are you traveling to?
music	What do people perform if they have a band?
atmosphere	What must someone go through when heading to the sky?
friend's house	Billy was was going on a long vacation, but before he did he got a bite to eat.  Where might he have eaten?
emergency kit	where do you keep a tourniquet?
starting fire	I'm naked in the snow.  I need some method of getting warm.  What mightI try?
dinner	When is good time for garlic bread?
communication	What is writing a form of?
have no other choice	Must people get up and live life because they?
printed on paper	The big rolling machines made tons of newspapers everyday simply by getting the stories what?
competency	Billy's disability prevented him from moving, but it didn't alter his mind or what?
go to market	The CEO's curiosity about the product got the best of her, so she decided to do what with it?
legal problems	If you're caught hurting someone else, what are you likely to have?
sunny	There was a cloud or two out but overall it was very what?
newspaper	If I wanted to work a crossword puzzle, where might I find one?
arts	Two year college degrees are either an associates of science or an associates of what?
eaten raw	Fish comes in all varieties, many people prefer the ones than can be what?
listen	He enjoyed to watch film a second time with director's commentary, he loved the insight and would do what intently?
errors	What will happen to someone writing a term paper too quickly likely encounter?
liquid water	John cooled the steam. What did the steam become?
lake	What has a surface with ripples?
cupboard	They all wanted to play a board game, it was retrieved from inside where?
bus depot	Where might I find seating while waiting to take public transit in a major city?
older houses	What type of homes are likely to have an attic?
determination	Something that you need to have inside of you when opening a business is a lot of?
telling all	What would someone need to do if he or she wanted to be going public?
cubicle	Where might you find a chair at an office?
shopping mall	Where would you buy jeans in a place with a large number of indoor merchants?
fairytale	John fell down the well.  he couldn't believe what he found down there. It was like something out of what?
produce heat	I forgot to pay the electricity bill, now what can't I do with my ground pump?
bank	A revolving door is convenient for two direction travel, but it also serves as a security measure at a what?
complete job	What do people aim to do at work?
bookstore	Where would you find magazines along side many other printed works?
fast food restaurant	Where are  you likely to find a hamburger?
midwest	James was looking for a good place to buy farmland.  Where might he look?
great britain	What island country is ferret popular?
mexico	In what Spanish speaking North American country can you get a great cup of coffee?
listen to each other	What do animals do when an enemy is approaching?
literacy	Reading newspaper one of many ways to practice your what?
singing	What do people typically do while playing guitar?
wallpaper	What would vinyl be an odd thing to replace?
make peace	If you want harmony, what is something you should try to do with the world?
farm house	Where does a heifer's master live?
lots of attention	Aside from water and nourishment what does your dog need?
being entertained	Janet was watching the film because she liked what?
people	What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area?
examine thing	When drinking booze what can you do to stay busy?
puncture wound	A fencing thrust with a sharp sword towards a person would result in what?
two eyes	Unlike a spider and his many sight seers, people only have what?
office	Where do adults use glue sticks?
carpet	What could go on top of wood?
inspiration	The artist was sitting quietly pondering, then suddenly he began to paint when what struck him?
indestructible	Though the thin film seemed fragile, for it's intended purpose it was actually nearly what?
apartment	Where could you find a toilet that only friends can use?
stupid	What is someone who isn't clever, bright, or competent called?
offspring	When wildlife reproduce we often refer to what comes out as what?
barn	The weasel was becoming a problem, it kept getting into the chicken eggs kept in the what?
new perspective	Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what?
new job	After he got hired he hoped for success at his what?
crime	Committing perjury is a serious what?
hasten	If you are prone to postpone work what will you have to do in order to finish on time?
library	James wanted to find an old underground map from the 50s.  Where might he look for one?
slow down	Sean was in a rush to get home, but the light turned yellow and he was forced to do what?
stand in line	Where would a person be doing when having to wait their turn?
happiness	She was always helping at the senior center, it brought her what?
ignition switch	The lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what?
city	Who is a police officer likely to work for?
refrigerator	If you have leftover cake, where would you put it?
whirlpool bath	A human wants to submerge himself in water, what should he use?
front door	Where is a doormat likely to be in front of?
tropical rainforest	Bob the lizard lives in a warm place with lots of water.  Where does he probably live?
pay bills	August needed  money because he was afraid that he'd be kicked out of his house.  What did he need money to do?
manual	He needed more information to fix it, so he consulted the what?
table	Where can you put a picture frame when it's not hung vertically?
broken law	James knew that he shouldn't have been buying beer for minors.  He didn't even get paid for it.  Why was this bad?
being employed	What is the result of applying for  job?
get money	What must someone do before they shop?
violin case	Because John was first violin, he had to bring something important to work ever day. What did he need to bring to work?
house	What is a place that usually does not have an elevator and that sometimes has a telephone book?
fishmongers	Who is likely to be excited about a crab?
dress shop	Where can a human find clothes that aren't pants?
slurred speech	If I was getting drunk, and people couldn't understand me, what might I be having?
momentum	When a person is beginning work, what are they building?
play tag	A child wants to play, what would they likely want?
get tired of	Talking to the same person about the same thing over and over again is something someone can what?
classroom	The teacher doesn't tolerate noise during a test in their what?
countryside	The freeway had no traffic and few buildings, where is it?
friend's house	Where would you go if you wanted to have fun with a few people?
lifeless	If there is a place that is hot and arid, what could it be?
hear news	What is likely to satisfy someone's curiosity?
michigan	If you are in a bar in a glove shaped state where are you?
house	Where would a computer user be using their own computer?
saltwater	Crabs live in what sort of environment?
feild	Where can you find a snake in tall grass?
state park	What is a place that has a bench nestled in trees?
eat in restaurant	Where is a human likely to go as a result of being hungry?
confident	He was beginning to regret taking the fight when he saw how what his opponent was?
bathtub	Where would you find a single shower curtain being used?
house	Where is a good idea but not required to have a fire extinguisher?
europe	What continent has the most castles?
bored	If you have to read a book that is very dry and long you may become what?
school	Sally used a clipboard to hold her papers while she read off names at the beginning of the day.  Where might she work?
play with toys	The kids didn't clean up after they had done what?
chess game	Despite the name a pawn can be quite versatile, all the parts are important in a what?
full of air	What would not be true about a basketball if it had a hole in it but it did not lose its general shape?
depression	If you are awaking multiple times throughout the night because a lot is on your mind, what is a likely cause?
countryside	Where does a wild bird usually live?
laboratory	Where would you expect to find white mice?
choice	John felt that his actions were fate.   Harry said that he could have always made a different what?
find god	What could committing murder prevent someone from doing?
walk	George didn't have a car, but he still had his two feet.   His socks were smelly and his soles were blistered, but that didn't matter.  He could still do what?
construction site	A crane uses many a steel cable when working a what?
supply food	What is the main purpose of farmers?
piggy bank	Where can I put this penny to save for later?
stew pot	Where would you put uncooked crab meat?
sick person	The man had a fear of illness, so he never visited friends who were a what?
backpack	Where would you put pans if you want to bring them with you?
knowing	If you're remembering something, it's because of your what of it to begin with?
african continent	Which large land mass is home to the most monkeys?
making love	Friday was James's 5th Anniversary.  They planned on going to bed early so that they could spend a long time doing what?
stagger	The teens were trying to hide that they get drink, but when they walked in the door their what gave it away?
stairwell	You'll find a landing at the top of what?
wash dishes	Anybody could be hired in the kitchen, what was needed of them?
symphony	Where can you find a number of wind instruments together in public?
toronto	A mountie got off at a subway stop.  What city might he be in?
understanding	What do you want someone to do when you illustrate point?
stress relief	Billy set aside a block of time for having fun after work. Why might he do this?
productive	The man in the white suit was very lazy.  He did nothing useful.  Meanwhile, the ban in the blue had put in effort and was very what?
make friends	What would you be unable to do if you have too much greed?
city	It was a long trip from the farm, so he stayed in a hotel when he arrived at the what?
rich person	I did not need a servant.  I was not a what?
bridge	How would you get from one side of a canal to another?
open mind	When learning about the world and different cultures, what is important if you are committed to eliminating preconceived notions
multitask	An underrated thing about computers is how they manage workflow, at one time it was a big deal when they could first do what?
getting hurt	Obstructing justice is sometimes an excuse used for police brutality which causes what in people?
torn	While washing clothes they became what when caught on the sharp object?
coastal cities	Seafood restaurants are used to draw tourists where?
family tree	James's nice asked him about her grandfather. She was interested in learning about what?
universe	James looked up and saw the start twinkling in the black yonder.  He marveled the sheer number of them and the size of what?
victory	What would encourage someone to continue playing tennis?
fall asleep	James found the sound relaxing.   It was so relaxing he almost did what despite his efforts?
small neighborhood	What regions of a town would you have found a dime store?
cupboard	Where might an unused chess set be stored?
disturb	james told his son to settle down and be careful.  There were many frogs mating in the area, and James didn't want his son to do what to them?
house	A man wants air conditioning while we watches the game on Saturday, where will it likely be installed?
orchestra	What could be playing a balailaika?
sail boat	Sailors drive many different types of boats, what type of boat involves their namesake.
synagogue	Where could a person avoid the rain?
lots of space	Why would a person like to have a large house?
discount store	Where will a cheap book be found?
sporting event	John and James are idiots. They bought two tickets to the Falcons vs the Jets even though neither wanted to see the what?
school students	Who do professors work with?
flower bed	Colorful anemone look somewhat like what object you find on window sills?
outer space	From where do aliens arrive?
were thirsty	The hikers stopped to have a drink, simply put they what?
shower	When you get up in the morning before you begin work you should do what?
floor	The kitten had nothing to dig it's claws into, so when it tried to stop it slid across what?
have to hold	If a person is trying to keep something in their hand what should they do?
city or town	Where could you find hundreds of thousands of home?
injury	Playing baseball is a lot like any other sport, there is always a risk of what?
television	If I want to watch a movie without leaving my home what might I use?
testify	The victim was to take stand today, they were going to do what?
satisfaction	What does a successful dog grooming session likely to make a owner feel?
gain ground	The runner was in third place, but he pushed harder and thought he might be able to reach second.  What was beginning to do?
kentucky	The tourist entered Mammoth cave, what state were they in?
anxiety and fear	What does someone typically feel when applying for a job?
committing perjury	He was on trial for obstructing justice, during which he made a questionable comment and was also found guilty of what?
make happy	What kind of feelings does buying presents for others create?
countryside	What green area is a marmot likely to be found in?
resistance	Jan tested the current, and noticed that it was high.  He thought that the wires might have too much what?
tell story	What does a kindergarten teacher do before nap time?
family	Sam was a stranger.  Even so, Mark treated him like what?
closed room	Bob's only light source was a small bulb.  There were four walls, if there was a door he couldn't see it.  What was Bob in?
control model	James thought of criminal justice like a computer program.  It need to work right.   What ideas might James not like?
automated teller	With the card slot lit up he knew how to get started finding his balance with what?
practice	To play sports professionally you must do what very often?
exercise	Some people prefer releasing energy through work while others prefer to release it through what?
comfortable clothes	What will a person going for a jog likely be wearing?
knowing how to read	The child pretended he was reading newspaper, he couldn't actually do it without what?
satisfaction	Jenny enjoyed helping people.  It brought her a great deal of what?
sanitation	What might someone believe in if they are cleaning clothes?
office building	Where would you find a basement that can be accessed with an elevator?
take class	In order to learn to program from another person you can do what?
human body	He was at the gym trying to build muscle, what is it called that he is trying to build muscle on?
flowers on	What part of plants is pretty?
relaxation	The man was going fishing instead of work, what is he seeking?
peach	What could you get an unsmooth pit from?
initiate	The man tried to reply to the woman, but he had difficulty keeping track of conversations that he didn't do what to?
forget	I couldn't find anybody who recalled the event, what were they adroit at doing?
mansion	Where would you find a large dining room containing a fancy chandelier?
military base	The extremely large cargo plane could only land at a specialized runway, these were only located at a what?
bowling alley	The carpet was smelly and discouraged the league from playing there, where was this smelly carpet installed?
ring	How can someone be let into a brownstone?
music store	Where would someone purchase an upright piano?
living room	Where would you keep an ottoman near your front door?
spinal injuries	Diving into backyard pools can be very dangerous and can lead to serious head and what?
pet store	Where would one find a snake in a cage?
end of line	Where are people likely to become impatient?
completing	When you fail to finish something, you failed at doing what to it
function	John didn't care about style.  He felt that form was less important than what?
have fun	When you get together with friends to watch film, you might do plenty of this?
strip mall	A supermarket is uncommon in what type of collection of shops?
butcher shop	Bill puts meat on the scale, where does Bill work?
spoon	I'm having some food at my party, what will I need to serve it?
stand still	Before racers start to run they must do what at the starting line?
branch out	What does an actor do when they are bored of their roles?
mortal	What is a person called who doesn't have immortality?
laziness	Why would you be watching tv instead of doing something else?
sore mouth	If chewing food is difficult for you, what is a possible reason?
orchestra	He had to wear a tuxedo while playing the keyboard instrument, so did the other hundred members of the what?
forrest	Where do you find the most amount of leafs?
fairgrounds	Where can children play with animals?
children's story	What kind of tale might feature a talking weasel?
protection	What kind of status is the bald eagle given?
feel more energetic	Why do most people take a quick rest during the day?
falling down	What could suddenly stop someone when he or she is running?
thailand	Where would you find a monkey in the wild?
tropical jungle	Where could a sloth live?
club	A gentleman is carrying equipment for golf, what is he likely to have?
lawn	If you have a home with a courtyard, what's one thing you probably don't have to care for any longer?
demonstration	The computer was difficult for he to understand at the store, so what did she sign up for to learn more?
last several years	If you take the risk buying a used car, you still hope it can what?
fall asleep	Dan was ditting quietly on the couch with a book in his hand.  Laurie thought that he was just focused on what he was doing, but he actually did what?
move people	What is the primary purpose of cars?
united states	Alabama is full of different people, but they are all citizens of what?
reduce	They were hoping their campaign would create a rise in awareness of the problem and hopefully do what to its effect?
slow down	What do airplanes do as they are arriving at the gate?
recur	If a person with mental illness stops treatment what will likely happen?
attack	The gimmicky low brow TV show was about animals when they what?
industrial area	A loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where?
drawer	What part of a table would you put a ruler in?
shortness of breath	What happens if someone kisses too long?
lamp	If I have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be?
look angry	The person saw the mess his children made, what was his following reaction?
blind person	Who might wear dark glasses indoors?
field	Where would stones not be arranged in a path?
painting	A bald eagle is likely to be found on what kind of work?
welcome guests	The hostess was good at her job, she always had a smile when she would what?
knowing more	What is likely to happen to someone who is learning?
compliance	The inspector was agreeing with the factory protocols, what was the status of the factory?
balance	After standing up I had to sit right back down, why would I feel like this?
restaurant	Where do you go on a night out before going to the bar?
drawer	The dad wanted to protect his house, where did he put his gun?
fiddle	What instrument can be played with an air of happiness?
skateboard	What to kids do for boredom on a ramp?
hedgehog	What animal has quills all over it?
work	Why would you go to an office?
not hungry	When is the worst time for having food?
go broke	If you spend all your time buying and not saving what is is likely to happen?
garden	Though a mouse might prefer your house, you might also see him where?
act	What is performing a type of?
head north	The car was going from Alabama to New York, what was its goal?
dustbin	What do they call the trash in Australia?
boiling water	Joan wants to cook a potato, where should she place it?
imagination	Writers with a great what can amass a large fortune?
surface of earth	Where do all animals live?
sometimes bad	How are the conditions for someone who is living in a homeless shelter?
relaxation	You can do knitting to get the feeling of what?
conference	What might a very large table be?
free money	John got his tax refund back.  He treated it like it was what?
sneezing	A person with an allergy might be doing what if they awake suddenly?
classroom	Where is a ferret unlikely to be?
wet	If you jump in any of the oceans you will get?
empty	Immediately after peeing, a person's bladder is what?
throw up	The lady would eat and eat, and because of mental issues would then make herself what?
go downtown	A car was hailed to chauffeur someone to the opera house, where was it heading?
show	What do you go to see for live entertainment?
classroom	The teacher thought that a ferret can be very mischievous and probably wouldn't make a great pet for the entire what?
valley	A creek is a body of water found in what low land?
cage	If I have a pet bird, what does it likely live in?
have fun	Joe and Mac were playing basketball. They did it every day in their back yard.  Why were they playing basketball?
have no home	What makes someone a nomad?
bone	What is a treat that you dog will enjoy?
pants	Women used to be expected to wear a dress but it's now acceptable for them to wear what?
awake	The fact that Joe was able to memorize the list in spite of his apparent  state proved that part of his brain was what?
catch cold	What is a wet person likely to do?
healthy	After recovering from the disease, what did the doctor call the patient?
interior	The painter started to edge the room with tape, he always took extra care to make the lines clean and crisp when working with an what?
tide pool	After high tide, where on the coast can you look to find a sea anemone?
wreak	What could a driving car do to a pedestrian?
listen to music	People do many things to alleviate boredom.  If you can't get out of the house you might decide to do what?
paper bag	At a grocery store they sell individual potatoes, where does the grocery clerk likely put the potato?
bathroom	What room is a rubber bath mat usually kept?
frying pan	What would you put meat on top of to cook it?
multivitamin	Minerals can be obtained in what way for a person who avoids leafy greens?
happy	What could you be a few hours after you finish cashing in due to your cash?
personal cleanliness	The smelly man was having a bath, but what is he pursuing?
fights	What might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other?
much money	If a person is working a lot, what are they likely trying to earn?
airport	The traveling business man was glad his credit card had perks, it offset the high prices for travel from a what?
house	Billy hated using other people's toilets. He was only comfortable on his own.  So whenever he needed to poop, he would go back to his what?
temperate zone	The forest experienced a cold winter, where is it located?
write letter	How can you let someone know about your anger without hurting him or her?
new york city	Where is one likely to find a brownstone?
desktop	What may I place the telephone on?
dard	What language type is someone from Iran likely to use?
studying	John went to a party that lasted all night.  Because of this, he didn't have time for what?
set table	The child wasn't allowed in the kitchen but still wanted to help, what could it do to help in the dining room?
suffering	He was having a hard time expressing himself in a healthy way, the psychologist said he was mentally what?
sweat	When someone is physically competing what does their body do?
write down	How would you express information to a deaf person?
use paper	Printing on a printer can get expensive because it does what?
judge people	What will god never do according to religion?
colds and flu	One of the potential hazards of attending school is what?
tetrahedron	What has a surface with many sides?
cargo ship	What could bring a container from one place to another?
open book	The old style pop ups literally let you see the story when you did what?
communication	What is it called when you are talking to someone?
dishwasher	The family finished dinner, the child's chore was to load the dirty dishes where?
washington dc	Where could you find a bureau as well as many politicians?
desk drawer	Dad wanted to hide the check in his office, where did he put it?
pleasure	For some reason she was devoid of regular emotions, buying products was the only way she could feel what?
fair	Where are horses judged on appearance?
learn new things	Why do people read non fiction?
listen to music	While knitting you can do what using a radio?
table	Where are you likely to set papers while working on them?
insubstantial	John had a massive debt to 50 million dollars.  Compared to that, Leo's 2000 dollar debt seemed what?
air	The man flew his airplane over the city and saw pollution visibly in the sky, what was polluted?
paralysis	What is a very unlikely side effect of becoming inebriated?
transfer of information	when communicating with my boss what should i do
refrigerator	If not in a stream but in a market where will you find fish?
spend time	What are people likely to want to do with their friends?
outside	During a shark filled tornado where should you not be?
overstocking	What is the likely result of buying products in excess?
avoid pain	What is a person trying to accomplish when taking analgesics?
dishwasher	Where would you put a glass after drinking from it?
store	Where would you buy food?
act responsibly	When a person admits his mistakes, what are they doing?
casino	Where do play a game for money?
have money	When you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs?
washington d.c	Donald is a prominent figure for the federal government, so in what city does he likely spend a lot of time?
bus depot	There was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what?
injury	John and Joe like planning games but Joe  was hit by a ball and fell down. What might have happened to Joe.
shopping mall	Where can you buy jeans at one of may indoor merchants?
english alphabet	What do you write letter in in America?
current	Joe owned back taxes as well as what other type of taxes?
radio station	Where is a broadcast studio likely to be heard?
coffee table	Kramer wrote a self-referential book.  What might that book be about?
violent	Of all the sports, Billy enjoys football, but what does his concerned mother think of the sport?
chicago	What city will likely have many parking structures?
safety	Sally was afraid of danger and always double checked what?
mountains	What is the habitat of the fox?
make tools	People are very much like the animals, but one thing has secured or dominance over the planet.  We're better at doing what?
neighborhood	They children loved having a back yard, and the parents loved that it was a safe what?
wishing well	While people just throw coins down them now, what originally had a pail to be lowered for it's intended use?
typhoon	Joe was thrown from his boat into the water.  The water was cold because it was the middle of winter and he cried out to his crew for help.  They couldn't hear him over the sound of the what?
place of work	When a human is earning money, where are they often found?
indiana	They passed a apple tree on their way to the racetrack, the were going to watch the biggest motorsport spectacle in the world where?
have fun	Why do people play chess on the weekends?
play sports	What do you need energy to do in gym class?
game	Sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what?
die	We are all human, and we all what?
falling asleep	If a person were going to bed, what would be their goal?
dark	What are candles good for eliminating?
homicide	WHat leads to an early death?
study	What room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation?
outer space	Where do you head to travel to a star?
marching band	The player lifted his cornet and walked in rhythm, what was the player a member of?
growing older	What happens at soon as a living being is born?
ask question	When someone is talking and you missed something, what can you do to get them to repeat it?
sewing room	Where does one store fabric in their own home?
oversupply	What do most companies not want to have relative to demand?
sweating	What is happening while he's playing basketball for such a long time?
bus stop	A traveler laments the fact that mass transit is limited in his city when his groceries get soaked by the rain as he waits where?
hospital	The person was in physical distress, where should he go?
write will	The cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what?
new england	There was a toll road that meandered from Maine to New Hampshire, where was it?
getting tired	If you partied all night you could find yourself already what, even when just beginning work?
get wet	The cat carefully navigated the area, they do everything they can to avoid what?
listening	What is someone usually doing if someone else is talking to him or her?
cloud over	What does the sky do before a rain?
university	Pens, computers, text books and paper clips can all be found where?
west texas	What geographic area is a lizard likely to be?
hand	What do you use to carry your briefcase?
go faster	He picked up his pace to a run, he wanted to do what?
stand alone	What would a person do if they do not have any friends?
death and decay	As a result of dying, what happens to organic material?
feelings	What does everyone have in relation to other people?
state name	What do you ask a child to do when you first meet her?
department store	Where can you buy a clock, clothing and wrenches?
look around	What do you do when you're in a new place and want to see new things?
melted	What happens when to ice when it is in the sun?
shelf	Where can you store your dishes in your dwelling?
forest	The man laid on the soft moss and looked up at the trees, where was the man?
reading	What is someone doing if he or she is sitting quietly and his or her eyes are moving?
office building	Where can I find a stapler in many places?
martorell	A man takes a seat at a museum outside of Barcelona, where is he likely?
child's hand	Where would you find a toy soldier that is being played with?
airport	Where are you when you're about to use your plane ticket?
table	Flowers make a good center focal point, just one of many arrangements that look good on a what?
bridge	How can a human cross a river and not mess up their hair?
can	Batman bought beer.  There were no bottles available.  He had to settle for what?.
nigeria	You can find a monkey in what West African region on the Gulf of Guinea
fight	Surprising an angry person could lead to what?
home	Where is a dining area likely to be small?
joy	Killing people should not cause what emotion?
head injuries	James slamed into someone playing football, and not for the first time.  He was concerned about the consequences of many what?
enjoy living	More people should lower the guard and just have fun, we don't got long just what?
pet shop	Where can you get a lizard to keep in your home?
orchestra	What would use a musical instrument?
marriage	She was in an affair, what did that end upon discovery by her husband?
milky way	What is the most famous constellation out of earth?
lobby	If a reception is held with hotel guests walking by, what is the likely venue?
friend's house	What is a place that is far away from your house and where you could consume beer?
change of heart	If a court case is dismissed after hearing testimony, what would be a likely cause?
flatulence	Sitting down quickly after eating beans could lead to what?
distant	John was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. He was never what?
office	Where do people want to have a lot of coffee?
full	You stop and have food all around you, what are you?
relaxation	James was meeting a friend.  They had planed a slow day. They didn't want to do much.  They just wanted what?
compact	The car's steering seem quite loose, but he still considered purchasing it because he needed something small and what?
michigan	Dan was a farmer with just one heifer.  But that was okay, he only kept her for milk, and he didn't think he'd find good farmland in a place as cold as where?
sleeping in	It's Friday night and Alice puts off going to bed because she plans on doing what Saturday?
map	His phone was dead and they couldn't find the expressway, he opened up the glove compartment and handed his passenger the what to navigate?
own home	What would someone use a personal key for?
hungry	The cat kept pestering it's owner, it was that time of the day and it was what?
choir	Her voice lent her to the alto section, what group did she join?
california	Where are you likely to find a Japanese restaurant not run by people from Japan?
mammals	Animals who have hair and don't lay eggs are what?
new hampshire	John was an aristocratic fox hunter.  Where might he live?
painting	Where is a grape likely to be being fed to someone else?
refrigerators	Some food can be stored at room temperature until you open it, then you should keep it in what?
nightmare	Sam couldn't get back to sleep because of a dream he had.  It was a what?
making new friends	If you're going to a party in a new town what are you hoping to make?
pedalling	How is riding a bike getting it to move?
shelf	Where does one usually keep literature?
organ	WHat type of keyboard is made up of one or more pipe divisions?
funnel	The bell rang, and the congregation began to what in to the church?
rough	James needed smooth sandpaper, but instead he got what type?
neighbor's house	Where would you borrow furniture if you do not have any?
reproducing	What must happen for an animal to and it's offspring to continue livng?
cellar	I want my wine stored in darkness, where should it go?
building	If I want to open a steakhouse, what should I get first?
musical	Sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what?
mail box	Joe found spiders while checking something outside.  What might that be?
wait for	What would you do if your date does not show up?
dress himself	What did the adult do before the job interview?
overpriced	Most items in retail stores are what even when they are on sale?
nursery	John farms anemone in what type of facility?
warm room	Brawn opened the curtains so that the sun could do what?
wonderful	How might releasing energy that has built up feel?
analyse	What would you do if you have curiosity but are blind and paralyzed?
loft	Where might it be hard to get furniture to?
inspiration	A great teacher can be what when you are attending school?
clothing store	Where would you get jeans and other wearable items to take home with you?
air	In what substance do clouds float?
new york city	Where is the large area location of the empire state building?
kitchen	Where do most people make coffee?
funeral	What kind of service is my body a part of when I'm no longer here?
city	Many people wanted to leave their country estates for row houses, what did they need to move to?
hardware store	Where can someone get a new saw?
analyse	What would you do to a crime scene before asking a question?
fraternity house	The man didn't do great in college, all his best memories were late night with his brothers at the what?
get away from	In a horror movie victims usually trip when the run in order to do what in regards to the killer?
stagnation	The coach decided to make a lineup change, the team's effort was suffering from what?
mall	Where would you go if you want to buy some clothes?
cupboard	Where is food likely to stay dry?
managed	What is it called when a person with mental illness is able to lead a relatively normal life?
case	Where do you keep musical instrument so it doesn't get scratched?
relaxation	The woman is watching television and trying to forget her day, what is her goal?
great outdoors	While John Candy and Dan Aykroyd didn't run into a gazelle, you'd have to go where to see one?
go quickly	When we are running what are we doing?
caged in	It's dangerous to let pet birds free so it's better to keep them what?
wooded area	A beaver is know for building prowess, their supplies come from where?
confusion	Zane doesn't like answering questions.  He's not good at it because he suffers from what?
wide acceptance	Going public about a common problem can gain what for a celebrity?
opera	The electricity went out and everyone was shrouded in darkness.  They all remained in their seats, because it would have been dangerous to try to find there way out.  Where mihgt they have been?
city	Where could you find hundreds of beauty salon?
halloween	If it is Chrismas time what came most recently before?
family tree	If someone found out their brother was having a daughter, they would have to add a niece limb to the what?
unnecessary	The criminal insisted he must do the crime to the bank teller, but she tried to convince him there were other ways in life and this was what?
fountain pen	what do you fill with ink to write?
surprised	He walked into the room and had a great shock, his friends had what him?
handshake	He wasn't the hugging type, even when he meet friend he'd just do what?
gas station	If you were lost you might need a map, the best place to find one on the road is at any what?
fishing boat	Where would you put a net if you wanted to use it?
exchanging ideas	Sage loved communicating  He liked doing what with his peers?
comfortable chair	Where would a cat snuggle up with their human?
substation	What is a place that has large cable hanging overhead?
race track	Where do cars usually travel at very high speeds?
movie	What might a person be watching if they see a man with a suitcase full of money?
feel guilty	Eating breakfast in bed while seeing a homeless person shivering outside your window may cause you to what?
own house	If I put in my key and open a hinged door, where am I likely entering?
building	If somebody is working at a reception desk, they are located at the front entrance of the what?
learning about world	If you're reading a newspaper from another country what are you doing?
certificate	They wanted to recognize his accomplishment, where should they put his name?
procrastinate	What is it called when a person tends to leave things to the last minute?
wander	What will you do if you do not want to settle in one place?
suburbs	Where would a person live that isn't in the metro area but still has good schools?
capitol building	Jane works for the government as a senator, where does she spend a lot of time?
procreate	What is it called when two people in love have children?
help	What did the policemen do when they heard a cry from a distance?
begin work	It takes ambition to complete a job, but the first step is to what?
hen house	Where would I not want a fox?
tall building	What type of building has the most top floor?
burial	What do humans do to other humans after death?
yellow pages	Where can you find a restaurant's phone number?
water fountain	What would you put coins into to make it work?
photograph	A patriotic guy with a camera is looking for a bald eagle, what is he likely to do with the eagle if he finds one?
neighbor's house	Where can you go to use a piano in your neighborhood if you don't have one?
department store	Where would you get a shower curtain if you do not have one?
partner	Kissing is normally an activity reserved for your romantic what?
dress herself	What does a child learn to do before school?
eye contact	He was getting advice for the job interview, they told him when talking to the interviewer always make what?
bible	According to what book did an apple tree lead to the downfall of man?
apartment building	The neighborhood had a great sense of community, there was always a crowd at the landing of the what?
open doors	What might a kind person do?
make money	What will a person do at work?
south carolina	John saw a fox running along the beach and was glad to be on the east coast.  Where might he have been?
attic	Name a location where you would not want to find mice.
getting in shape	The man started to learn jogging, what was he hoping to do?
google	Where do most people turn to get information on their phones?
decomposition	What happens to a body after death?
clam chowder	What type of non-vegetarian soup is one likely to find a potato?
potential	Though she had a disability, what did her encouraging and positive coach see in her?
practice	They had a theory of what they could do in t he big game, so over and over they would what?
below	When you see something rise, you are where in relation to it?
backpack	They were getting ready for a really long hike, he put the food can in his what?
living room	Where would you keep a rug near your front door?
fall down	When you slip from a ladder propped on anything what will you do?
shop	What do you do when you need to get food?
lie down	Brad tried to arise from bed but he could not.  Instead, he just continued to do what?
cattle show	If a heifer is really high quality, you might take her where?
wealth	What do people want to acquire from opening business?
graduated	What has someone who had finished their undergraduate done?
urban area	Where are bus stops more common in what parts?
park	Bill wanted to pick up a stranger, preferably a responsible one with kids.  Where might he look for one?
india	Where might a lemur frolic in the market?
rug	What might I place under the furniture?
action	Everybody began performing once their director stated what?
desire to travel	By learning about the world, many poor college students gain what?
university	Where are required to carry books all day?
ocean	where is seaweed from?
freezer	how can i store cooked steak?
attic	John wanted to clean all of the dust out of his place before settling down to watch his favorite shows.  What might he hardest do dust?
animal	Something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it?
bookstore	Where would you go to get some pamphlets if you want to own them?
sporting event	The audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating?
california	What western state has thousands of miles of shore?
common	Everybody seemed to be crying at the holy site, the tour guide explained that this was what?
cry	The smile gave away that the what was one of happiness?
municipal park	Where is a public monument likely to be erected by a city?
woods	Where would a person live if they wanted no neighbors?
nuclear power plant	Where is the control room that controls a PWR located?
get lost	What happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them?
texas	Where are the most famous BBQ steakhouses in america?
conference	He kept plugging away in his cubicle, it seemed he was the only person not called into the what?
boredom	If you're attending school and are falling asleep you're likely experiencing what?
music store	I want to buy a gong, where should I look for one?
group together	What would friends do if they need each others' help?
desire to win	When people are playing a game, what is their motivation to play?
court room	Where could there be a battle that involves words?
standing in line	John didn't mind getting in line.  It was what game after that he hated.  The time, the sore feet. He did not like doing what?
transporting	What is the process of going somewhere?
lie down	The old man needed to have rest multiple times a day, he would do what on the couch and catnap?
blunderbuss	The end of the barrel of what primitive firearm is bell shaped?
drawer	Where is a good place to store pamphlets in your home or office?
drink beer	Many humans enjoy fishing and enjoy another relaxing activity at the same time, what activity is it?
cabinet	Where would you get some maps that you own?
mouth	Where is a good place to put a hamburger?
desk drawer	Where is a handy place to store a steel pen in your office?
past	A story about World War II would be set when?
mountainous area	What type of geographic area will you find a marmot?
think	Most people make stupid assumptions that are based on their prejudices.  What might they do instead to achieve better outcomes?
listen to music	What is something children can do while traveling in a car?
brass band	Where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material?
concert hall	The audience listened to the orchestra play, where were they watching the performance?
gruesome	Stabbing to death of a person is what sort of way to die?
money	What are you getting from you boss at the end of the week?
baseball stadium	If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat hot dogs, where would you go?
market	Where is a great place to buy fresh fruit?
meeting	The man took paperwork to other people to consult over it, where was he heading?
playing marbles	Stark was just having fun, and he wasn't hurting anyone.  What might have he been doing?
helping others	The church was giving assistance, what were they hoping to accomplish?
heaven	I you believe in god, where will you go when you die?
indigestion	What can eating hamburger cause immediately after eating it?
cupboard	Where is a shelf likely to be hidden behind a door?
garage	The man got a pail to catch the draining motor oil, where was he likely doing this at home?
refrigerator	What kind of cold storage could you find in your house?
big city	Where could you go to between 1000 and 10000 restaurant?
baseball diamond	The pitcher stepped on the mound ready to throw, where was he located specifically?
museum	Where is a statute found on a platform?
art supplies	If it's not used for hair a round brush is an example of what?
listen to music	His parents thought he was suffering from boredom, but the teen loved to lay in bed and just do what?
heartburn	At the picnic she was stuck eating hamburger, she was worried because she forgot her chewables to prevent what?
battery	The electrode wouldn't spark, it turned out that the what hadn't been connected?
country	For what entity should the government work?
do mathematics	What must a student in engineering do?
multiplication	The teacher knew her students understood division, what was she hoping they would learn next?
classroom	There were times where kids wanted to know a definition, so there was a nice big dictionary in the what?
fatigue	Riding a bike for a long time can cause what?
thirsty	What could happen to a cat other than wanting food?
silent	If you turn off the music in a room with no other noise that room would be what?
america	In what country are the most fast food restaurants?
tie around	I want to use string to keep something from moving, how should I do it?
public building	Where would walk through a central passage to catch an elevator?
bushel basket	A potato is kept in the cellar, where is likely to be stored?
build trust	What do people do when networking?
dresser drawers	Where can you store you spare linens near your socks?
jump to conclusions	What do people do when they think too quickly?
relax	What might someone do after they finish creating art?
launder	To get clean clothes you to what to them?
make larger	The person tried to reduce his weight with a shrink ray, but he got it backwards and only did what?
old person	Christine couldn't be having a baby at her age, she thought to herself. What was Christine?
orchestra	Joe plays a percussion instrument in something.  What might be play in?
having fun	If I'm playing ball, I'm mostly trying to do what?
fair	What do the terms need to be in order to compete against someone?
expensive clothing	If you wanted to show off silk, what item could it be on?
library	Where is known to be a wealth of information?
office desk	I saw the receptionist carelessly toss my resume into the drawer, where did I want it to end up?
thin blood	What will happen if you inject water into yourself?
sore muscles	Athletes soak in hot tubs to relieve what after playing baseball?
lose money	What does a gambler do that causes him or her to be unhappy?
good for	There's one obvious reason to eat vegetables, they're plain what you?
unacquainted	John was a bit think in the head, but he knew that he never saw the lady before.  They were what?
orchestra	Where would you hear a violin along side many string and wind instruments?
life on earth	What is the sun ultimately responsible for?
europe	Mandy lived in a train station.  She longed to see distant places. Where might she imagine going?
woodland	Joe is a  squirrel, which is an animal. He probably lives in what sort of place.
front yard	Where could a personal ficus live?
court room	The shark actually counted as evidence, so where did the legal team bring it?
white house	If the president wanted to ban snakes, where would he issue such a decree?
ground	They were searching for rocks, so they missed the birds overhead as they stared at the what?
medicine cabinet	Her son scraped his knee, she fetched a bottle of peroxide from the what?
library	Where would you expect to find a dictionary along side other writings you can borrow?
exercise	What would be necessary for getting in shape?
water fountain	A statue that shoots liquid is called a what?
calm	If you have a child who gets in trouble for being hyperactive you may need to teach them how to what down?
with brush	John loved to paint houses.  How did he usually do it?
living room	When you wipe you feet on the door mat and walk through the door where do you enter?
suitcase	What can you use to store a book while traveling?
encyclopedia	Where would you find gazelle under a G?
defeat	Competing can lead to great highs, and also great lows when suffering what?
moon	What blocks sunshine?
air conditioning	When you feel too much heat in your home you can turn on what?
drawer	Where would you store a pillow case that is not in use?
farmhouse	If the kitten was going to grow up to be a mouser like it's mother, where should it spend most of it's time?
china	Where is that man buying silk from?
music room	Where is a teacher likely to keep her clavichord?
airport	Where are you if your bieifcase is going through an x-ray machine?
trust	They were kissing each other good bye, they had no worries because their relationship had a strong foundation of what?
commute	Why would you take a bus to work?
catching fish	If you are hungry and going fishing, why would you be going fishing?
defend	Dogs are very loyal if they have a good owner, they will always what them?
grow corn	What does a farmer need to do to make  a maze on his farm in the fall?
fall out	For many males hair is a concern as they get older, it begins to what, causing a receding hairline?
losing money	What happens someone who is bad play poker?
pet	John loved his snake.  It was the only ting he loved. He hated everyone else and was abrasive to most people, but he loved his snake.   How might you describe the snake?
water plants	The fresh herbs, flowers, and vegetables will shrivel up if people don't do this?
indiana	I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I?
synagogue	The janitor never had much to clean after services, but there was still always a paper or two to pick up where?
hang over	If you're celebrating with too many cocktails what may you have in the morning?
cabinet	Danny found an old film in a sealed what?
slaughter house	Where are you likely to find much more than a drop of blood on the floor?
outer space	Where is the first place someone leaving the planet ends up?
front door	The town house went right to the curb, a slot effectively made a mailbox of the what?
school	The architect thought that a mezzanine would look good, but the planning committee rejected it.  They told the architect that they felt it was a potential hazard given the ages of the people who would be using it.  What might they be designing?
warm coat	The person wasn't bothered by the weather, she had remembered to bring her what?
enlightenment	If you want to learn about the world and understand the real reasons behind cultural norms and mores, you have achieved a sense of what?
being entertained	What is the hopeful result of going to see a play?
gaining knowledge	A person would join a trade school for finding information related to what?
talk nonsense	Joan was a baby, so there were many things she couldn't do, which caused problems for her parents.  Name one thing that makes raising a baby difficult.
pizza	Where would you put some ham if you want to cook it?
aggravation	Running errands with screaming kids will likely cause what?
deceitful	Sam wasn't lying, but he left out important details. He was being what?
problems	what does someone have that causes them committing murder?
country	What kind of place has a leader?
say words	How is a person likely to communicatewith others?
iowa	Where may you be if you're buying pork chops at a corner shop?
child's room	Where is a well used toy car likely to be found?
fishing camp	Where can fisherman store their rods when on a fishing trip?
being happy	Danny is having fun just dancing and singing with his friends. He wasn't concerned with things that weren't fun. For him having fun is the same as what?
water cooler	Where would you find an office worker gossiping with their colleagues?
cabinet	Where would you put nails if they are already packaged?
talented	What is a person who is good at sports considered?
solemn	The man acted ridiculous at the funeral, what attitude should he have taken?
library	The pencil sharpener was broken in the classroom, where did the teacher recommend the student go?
schoolroom	Where does a child likely sit at a desk?
std	He was trying to procreate with many individuals, this led to a what?
excitement	What does playing soccer and winning lead to?
amusement park	What attraction is sometimes so large that you need a map to find your way around?
arguments	If my husband never helps me doing housework, what might that lead to?
web page	The advertisement came in the form of a pop-up, where did it appear?
surface of earth	WHere do people live?
strange	People are what when you're a stranger?
nodding	The juror was quite bored and zoning out but wanted to convey he was hearing testimony, so he just sat there doing what?
fish market	They wanted to try blowfish, so they went to get some where?
thruway	When a main artery is used to expedite travel what would it be referred to as?
everything	If someone rules the universe of what are they in charge?
ample	The butt was bare, and Sam couldn't stop staring at it.  It was very what?
mall	Where can many stores with clothing be found?
start running	After working on the car, what did it end up doing?
caregiver	When an elderly person needs help performing daily tasks, who might they call?
hockey game	Where is beer drank by people watching sticks and pucks?
at hotel	Where is there a telephone book in almost every room?
countryside	Where might you see a green field while driving?
talking loudly	Some people got escorted out of the library, they were probably what?
forest	If there is a pond with trees around it, where it it likely located?
sea water	Blowfish require what specific thing to live?
death	What is the least likely immediate side effect of eating hamburger?
listen to radio	What would I be doing while going to work and walking?
appliance store	A showroom feature washers and refrigerators, where is this showroom located?
mexico	The man often made smart remarks, like that any restaurant is a mexican restaurant where?
beehive	I am looking for honey right from the source, where should I look?
city	Where are there likely to be a variety of flats to choose from?
rabbit warren	A weasel has a thin body and short legs to easier burrow after prey in a what?
human body	What can disease destroy?
english house	What does a person from Avalon live in?
appliance store	Where is one likely to find a fan for their stove?
bedroom	Jodie felt a tightness in her chest. She was worried but didn't want to go to the hospital. Where might she go instead?
have fun	If you're buying beer for a float trip what are you preparing to do?
vancouver island	Piece of land in Canada where you can find marmot?
augment	The surgeon's clients had begun to reduce, it seemed girls no longer want to what?
doctor	While waiting for this appointment, people often read magazines.
storybook	Where would you find a fox that is made up?
tear down	In basic training they build you up only to do what, all in hopes of building you up even stronger the next time?
table	Billy saw a dog running from him and did his best to get away from it.  The leaped up to where the dog couldn't reach and was stuck.  Where might he have been trapped?
guide children	John and Judy were parents.  They had two wonderful kids who weren't always well behaved.  They were light tough, though.  They felt it was a parent's job to do what?
bluegrass music	What are you playing if you're fiddling on a violin?
paid for	If somebody buys something and gives it to me as a free gift, what is the cost status of the gift?
attract attention	Why does someone flirt with many people at once?
england	James tore the antenna off of his boat due to bad reception as he was crossing the channel from France.  Where was he going?
record album	Why would a band be performing when there are no people nearby?
attack	The dogs were protecting their own when they decided to what the bad man?
mill	What is used to grind wheat for bread?
luggage compartment	If you have a large satchel with you when you fly you'll be asked to store it where?
drawer	Where would someone keep their nylon leggings?
tiredness	If you spend a long time running after a ball how are you likely to feel?
using energy	When you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what?
grocery shop	Boredom and hunger led to a wandering waste of time and a cart full of unhealthy snacks during her trip to where?
time	He was beginning to worry they wouldn't get on the ride before closing, they had been standing in queue for a long what?
increased heart rate	This is an unavoidable physiological consequence of running.  What is it?
rash	Sometimes a person has a fear of water or a dislike of being wet, it is still important to make sure they are having a bath why?
university campus	Where would there be an auditorium with only a single person speaking?
moving forward	To get out of there the person had to keep on walking, they had to keep on what?
united states	What very large group of western citizens has bees everywhere?
desk drawer	Miss Grady took a stick from Bob because he was playing with it during class.  She wanted to make sure that he couldn't get to it so she put it where?
watch tv	Joe and Jill didn't want their children to be sedentary.  They might limit the time they children spend doing what?
jar	They were making sauerkraut, the instructor explained the liquid should be above the cabbage in the what?
kitchen cabinet	From where would you normally take a cup when you're about to get a drink?
headphones	What are you using if there are speakers strapped on your ears?
illustrate point	Because of his anger he couldn't clearly explain or what?
new york city	Where is likely to not just have a kosher restaurant?
washington state	The bald eagle flew from Mount St Helen's to the Puget Sound and all over what?
kitchen	Where could you get some knives if you are planning to bring them outside with you?
feed themselves	How can people fulfill their own calorie requirements?
warm room	What does a stove do to the place that it's in?
closed eyes	What is the best way to begin going into trance?
office building	A computer user working on an important work assignment is located in what structure?
carnival	The music was festive but why are the horses dancing in circles
theater	In the building where James worked there was a small mezzanine in the auditorium to make more space for seats.  Where might James work?
stay in bed	If you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do?
apartment	Where would you have a stove if you don't live in a detached dwelling?
mall	What kind of place has a revolving door and has things to buy in it?
table	Where can books be read?
water	Where is seaweed usually found alive?
captivity	If a lizard is fed by people every day, what has happened to it?
depress	What will happen to someone if his or her spirits cannot elevate?
fish department	If you wanted a license to catch crabs, what government office would you go to?
table	What furniture will you normally find near a side chair?
instruments	Metal is used to make what?
greater manchester	What is the word added to Manchester that signifies what county it is in?
get frustrated	The program kept getting errors, the amateur end user began to what?
heat	John knew that the sun produced a massive amount of energy in two forms.  If you were on the surface of the sun, what would kill you first?
courtroom	Lawyers often talk in front of an audience where?
garage	James bought a new set of tire chains and put them somewhere he could find them.  Where would he put them?
roots	If I wanted to eat something that is made from plants and needs to be washed, what would it be?
shady places	Ficus can be planted in a yard to make summer more bearable, what sort of areas do they create?
parents	Children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what?
hug	Most people who are family like to greet each other with a what?
garage	John bought a new water hose.  But he found his old one near his car.  Where did he find the old one?
nuclear plant	Where is a control room needed to prevent wide spread disaster?
plate	Where do you keep your pizza slice before you eat it?
theater	Everybody was changing into costumes in the dressing room, it was almost time to take the what stage?
cut grass	The homeowner frowned at the price of gas, what did he have to do later?
country	A thoroughfare meandered through fields and woods, where was it passing though?
furniture store	If I want a new ottoman, where should I go?
neighborhood	Sean was leaving work and took the roadway that led to his what?
hand	What can you use to get a jellyfish?
chest of drawers	What has a shelf that does not allow you to see what is inside of it?
being arrested	What will likely happen after stabbing to death a person?
jungle	The boat passenger was explaining his fear of blowfish, but the captain figured he meant piranhas since they were on a river in the what?
school building	Where could you find only a few office?
church	Where can I go to be a religious gentleman?
microscope	I want to see a prepared slide up close, what would I use to help?
newsstand	Where can you buy a magazine, paper or gum?
lumberyard	Where would you get some wood if you do not have any?
hell	The pitcher felt stress and tension on the mound, what did he feel like?
tension	What negative effect can competing in a chess game on a cold day have?
many words	Why is it hard for a young child to read a long book?
eat ice cream	On a hot day what can you do to enjoy something cool and sweet?
epilogue	What is likely to be found in a book that is not a foreword?
twenty four	How many hours are in a day?
confusing	Why is religion so hard to understand?
effort	The couple explained they were having trouble communicating, it seemed every conversation took great what?
man crew	What would a person need to do if his or her captain dies at sea?
need care	What do children require to grow up healthy?
subdivision	I house outside the center of a community is said to be where?
word	The field general began to write out a letter to the king, he was told to send what when the enemy was near?
caps	What will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out?
rocky hills	After climbing the mountains, the explored found the cave, what was the general goegraphy of the region he found it in?
chemistry lab	They dealt with combustible mixtures in their experiments, this is why they kept a fire extinguisher where?
gay bar	If someone mean wanted to insult somebody by calling them a fruit, where is probably not the smartest place to do it?
grocery store	Where would you get a toothpick if you do not have any?
bug campers	What would you be building if you designed a place for an annoying critter to stay?
swarm	The man working in the attic swatted away a bee, but soon the single bee was an entire what?
shin splints	What do you need to wear when hiking?
sporting goods store	What type of store would have lots of sports equipment?
jewelry store	The business man was promoted recently, to celebrate he went where to buy an expensive wristwatch?
rush	How is a child eager to be going to play likely to get there?
bankruptcy	There's some new buying products designed to get you money if you have none. The first step is that it will show you how to declare what?
hardware store	Where can you buy a replacement ax handle?
ridiculous	Is that person acting as silly as a clown?
gulf states	Which group of states is Louisiana part of?
dishwasher	Where would you put a plate immediately after eating from it?
bed	James couldn't get comfortable.  There was too much dirt.  He needed to clean out what?
cellar	The rats were hiding in the house, where were they?
ask questions	What do people do when they don't understand something?
child's hand	James saw a kite flying in the sky.  He traced the string back to its origin and found it.  Where did the string begin?
balloon	What rubber toy filled with helium will make a child happy?
casino	Where do people get beer after a bit of gambling?
fall asleep	What can happen to you when you are using television and it is not interesting?
bathhouse	The business men left the discussion in the dressing room, now they just wanted to relax in the sauna of the what?
outside	Where is a likely place for an ivy plant?
phoenix	Where has the newest baseball stadium?
brownstone	What type of residence has a ground floor with a stoop?
porous	If the wood texture is not smooth it is what?
death	What might happen if someone is not losing weight?
small town	Billy lived in the capital of his country, then he moved.  Where might he move to?
class	Making a schedule was easy to pick, the major called for knowledge that required a certain what?
jogging	When getting in shape, this is something that does wonders?
automobile accidents	What could prevent a driving car from continuing to drive?
cabinet	Where do you store a large container?
happiness	What is a person likely to experience after they stop being married to a mean person?
solitary	Despite the large crowds, how did the depressed man feel?
motel	Where does a maid empty a trash can?
walked	The dog curled up for a nap, it was tuckered out because it had just been what?
beach	He used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely?
very colorful	What do the feathers look like on birds found in the rainforest?
viking ship	The ancient seafaring Norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what?
depression	What is the opposite of an area of elevation?
warm up	What do singers need to do before a show?
effectively treated	When a person with mental illness receives medication and therapy, what has happened?
anxiety	What type of feeling is performing for the first time likely to produce?
kill	If someone is found to be committing murder, what did they do to someone?
receive data	The computer was hooked up to the internet, what could it do as a result?
uninhabitable	The planet Mercury is unsuitable for human life or what?
anxiety	Seeing idea become reality was a dream of hers for a long time, but as the time came to get on stage she had more what?
countryside	A creek could be located in the opposite for the city which is called what?
florida keys	Where off the eastern U.S. would you find an anemone?
suitcase	Where are traveling clothes often kept?
convenience store	If one needed the bathroom they needed a key, to get it they had to also buy something from the what?
go down	Although the sun did rise, what did the pessimist warn everyone it would do?
bookcase	The hardcovers were especially tall, so he removed a shelf on the what to make room?
laughter	If you're watching a comedy film what would you expect to hear from the audience?
heartburn	What can eating lunch cause that is painful?
trapeze	The performer was ready to put on a show and stepped onto the launch platform, what was his job?
defecating	Eating is part of living, but your body doesn't use it all and the next day you will be doing what?
restaurant	Where are you if you've paid to get a pizza?
phone book	What would you use to find a place to stay?
computer network	If you're seeking a connection for your laptop, what are you trying to hook up with?
loved	The child didn't know the problems his mother was going through, all he had was what for her?
go to movies	To see new films you must?
daydream	What can happen when you contemplate alone for a long time?
barrels	The pioneer went to the general store for storage measures, what was he looking for?
play golf	I was apprehensive to buy the expensive equipment to play a game with so much walking and swinging around in grass, but now I understand why people what?
announce	What can a newspaper be used to do to an engagement?
bent	John needed a straight wire.  Unfortunately, this one had endured some abuse and had become what?
ore	Metal is taken from what which is pulled from the ground?
garden shed	When not in use where on your property would you store you bucket?
go to bed	What does someone do to relax at night?
desk drawer	Where might the stapler be if I cannot find it?
spain	Many homes in this country are built around a courtyard. Where is it?
construct	Sean was a wreck.  He  loved to build houses, but in his current state, he couldn't do what?
deception	What would be happening if you are pretending to be a police officer?
stationery store	Where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument?
get answers	The detective was finding information from witnesses, why would he do that?
garage	Joe found spiders in the place where he keeps his tools.  Where might that be?
everglades	While on the fan boat he thought he'd see swamps and gators, but he was surprised to spot a bald eagle in what nature area?
city or town	Where are you likely to find a supermarket?
dark place	Where would you need to use a lantern?
beat	What area does a police officer patrol?
being raped	Why would a woman kill a stranger she met in a dark alley?
open mouth	The baby was cranky, it needed to eat breakfast but refused to what?
audience	What is made up of people?
seek help	He was afraid he would die from his cold, so he wisely decided to what?
friend's house	Where would you get a pen if you do not have one?
heat	Why would a small dog pant if it's hot outside?
because	She asked her little boy why, he replied that he didn't know and it was just what?
shelf	Where would you display a picture on a horizontal surface?
good balance	What skill is needed for riding a bike?
ground	He looked at the field of pumps, all slowing churning oil out of the what?
receiving	The department to where vendors deliver goods for sale is called what?
end of line	Where is the worst place to be in a ticket office?
stretch	Exercise is very good for you, for faster recovery you should always do what afterwards?
go back	What happens when you go somewhere and forget something at home?
music store	Where would you acquire a wind instrument for you own use?
chemistry lab	Where would a person light alcohol on fire to observe the reaction?
tall building	If a storey contained a panoramic view, what kind of structure would it be in?
supermarket	Where does lettuce arrive by large trucks?
unable to work	Why do people who are dying receive social security payments?
hopping	What should I do with a jumping rope?
group together	What do geese do every fall in fields?
show	I took my seat, the curtains drew back and I enjoyed the what?
hope for peace	What should everyone do who doesn't want to fight anymore?
center of town	Where is the ideal location for a post office?
forest	Where outside of a city would a squirrel live?
amazon river	You should watch out for snakes if floating down what African body of water?
cook dinner	At the end of the day as he began to eat he paused and thanked her, it wasn't often she would what?
surface of earth	To what do trees roots cling?
closet	What probably has a lot of dust in the back?
common interests	At the new comic store he found himself making friends, it was nice to meet people with what?
inner ear	The student explained he had a clue what neuroepithelium was and got really nervous, he then lost his balance because a what issue?
confession	What could people do that involves talking?
teaching	If you're a child answering questions and an adult is asking them that adult is doing what?
indigestion	He has lactose intolerant, but was eating dinner made of cheese, what followed for him?
music room	The teacher played on the upright piano, she was explaining the song to all the students in the what?
passing	When you get an F, you fail. If you get A's you are?
cleanness	What is the main purpose of having a bath?
sporting event	The ball was hit over a boundary and struck an audience member.  What kind of game were they playing?
drunk driving	What is someone operating a vehicle likely to be accused of after becoming inebriated?
department store	Where would you get jewelry if you do not have any?
wisdom	What is a philosopher waiting for to eventually gain through his studies?
play hockey	What do young boys do on the ice in the winter?
clutter	She loved spending money at the thrift store on knickknacks, this resulted in a lot of what on every shelf in her house?
concentrate	I listened to lecture intensely, what is my goal?
happiness	If a person is using a computer to talk to their granddaughter, what might the computer cause for them?
convention center	Joe was there to meet a large number of people.  As he filed though the entrance hall, he saw many strangers who came from far away.  What sort of building is he probably in?
new york	John wanted scatter his wife's remains in a lake in the wilderness.  He had to delay before of where he lived.  Where did he live?
corner	Many towns and cities have trash cans where on sidewalks?
biological child	The family wanted to adopt for enviro-ethical reasons, what did they abhor?
crash	What happens when airplane engines cut off and are unable to be restarted in flight?
teeth	Where would you be concerned about finding a cavity?
read newspapers	Human beings learn about current events from what print item?
sea water	In what kind of environment does an anemone live?
resort area	He wanted lodging in the actual what, so that he was already where he needed to be?
see art	If I am suffering from boredom, and I want to see something beautiful, what should I do?
motion	The goal was to hit the target, but a projectile ball can't hit anything if it isn't in what?
table	Where is a good place to set a cup of coffee while relaxing?
plate	If a fried egg was runny and there was no toast to sop it up, after the meal there'd be a messy what?
inappropriate	If I want to behave with proper aplomb, what manners should I avoid?
fitness center	Before lifting weights he liked to warm up on the squash court, he really enjoyed the facilities of the what?
feel pleasure	What will happen to animals after eating food?
garden	If I wanted to grow plants, where could I put a lot of dirt?
resentment	What does a person often feel about someone judging them guilty?
valley	A town between two mountains is located in a what?
motel room	James need to use a toilet but there were no public ones in sight.  Eventually he broke down and did something very expensive so that he could get a toilet.  Where might he have gone?
concert	Why did the heavy metal band need electricity at the stadium?
intellectual challenge	What is a person looking for when completing puzzles or riddles?
toaster	If someone was making breakfast, they'd probably put two slices of bread in the what?
house clean	His house was a mess, he began doing housework to get what?
hospital	Where would a corpse be covered by a blanket?
accelerate	The man  tried to break the glass in order to make his escape in time, but he could not.  The person in the cat, trying to kill him, did what?
rest area	The trucker plopped on the bench with a sense of relief, where did he arrive?
state	What is part of a republic like the USA?
backpack	Where do you keep extra clothing on a hike?
bloom	What could an apple tree do?
atlantic ocean	What very cold area in the east can a crab be found?
study french cooking	The chef wanted to perfect his craft, what did he do?
one choice for pet	She wanted a kitten and puppy so why did she only get the puppy?
full sunlight	There was no shade for Jenny.  She was forced to lie there exposed to what?
exhaustion	What could happen to you after you are cleaning house for a long time?
plan	What is someone doing when scheduling when to go to party?
set orbits	What kind of path do comets tend to have?
die of cancer	The vet found malignant tumors on the animals, what is their likely fate?
happiness	What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing?
trash	Billy was reading the newspaper as he commuted to work, but once he got to his destination he balled it up and put it somewhere. Where did it put it?
utility room	Where do you keep a pail in your house?
newspaper	what is printed with ink and distributed daily?
thank god	What are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs?
japan	The terrace had Kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where?
packaging materials	The company sent off many purchases, they used recycled cardboard as their what?
false information	Why might a person be known as a liar?
patience	The child was politely waiting for dessert, he was eventually rewarded for his what?
out of pocket	The man was giving assistance to a pan handler in the streets, how did he give assistance?
parents	What do you call the caretakers of a child?
family reunion	Where would you run in to a niece you only see every one and a while?
concentration	Working on the elaborate task was taxing, it require extreme what?
headache	What may you have after awaking after a night of heavy drinking?
typewriter	What uses a ribbon to put words on paper?
farm	Where are sheep likely to live?
living room	If I was watching TV on the couch and the air was stuffy, I might turn the fan on to make the what more comfortable?
pocket	While walking the student needed to store his writing insturment away, where did he put it?
crowd	Who watches a play in an auditorium?
imprisonment	What is a possible outcome for committing murder?
supermarket	where is a good place to obtain new soap?
kill animals	What do people do for food?
liquor store	There was many a bottle to choose from behind the cashier where?
atlas	They had to know where to go, they got on the national highway after consulting the what?
teach courses	What do professors primarily do?
bowling alley	Where do you throw a ball at pins?
using water	What might you need to do cleaning?
saliva nd mouth	If i were to spit a lot without noticing i may have extra what?
store	If student got a list of supplies from class like paper and pencils, their parent would have to go where?
you're curious	Why do young people swallow semen ?
frustration	Sally was standing in queue.  The line was very, very slow.  What was she feeling?
live long	What is the animal trying to accomplish?
moving body	James and Holly went dancing together. As they danced, he  pressed himself against her what?
newspaper	If a house has a subscription, what likely shows up in the driveway every morning?
wash themselves	What does a person do when they feel dirty?
wrestle	After the weight cut he was worried about his energy levels, but this was part of participating in a what?
eat every day	what does a person do to stay healthy?
prisoner	Who is the guard here for?
express information	If a person stutters when he experiences anxiety or excitement, he'll have difficult doing what?
dek	Where can you keep letter opener when it likely to be needed soon?
at hotel	Danny found that the carpet did not ,match the drapes, which was disappointing, because this place was expensive.  But it was the only place in town that wasn't booked solid for the week and he needed it while he was in town, so he couldn't complain.   Where might this place be?
face problems	What do people need to do to change their lives?
homes	Humans need shelter to survive.  They usually find shelter where?
first class	Someone who had a very bad flight might be given a trip in this to make up for it?
see beautiful views	Nature can be good and bad for the person who walks, what are some things?
need for food	Jim decided to lose weight.  He thought that exercise is the best way to lose weight because you can't get rid of what?
man made	Nature creates more beautiful structures than those that are what?
snowflake	The water in clouds turn in to what when it gets cold?
louisiana	What southern U.S. state is know for having many swamps?
relaxation	When going to sleep what happens to your body?
banana tree	Where is a monkey likely to enjoy being?
run	What is a form of anaerobic exercising?
solar system	The earth is one planet in what?
garage	Where would you put a container can after you buy it?
school	Where did you meet your best friend since Kindergarten?
upwards	James was below the balloon.  He watched it rise.  What direction did he look in?
feeling happy	John and Tim like playing. It makes them what?
excitement	What could happen if someone is seeing new presents at a birthday party?
microwave	Joe's cat smelled something delicious and jumped into this, causing him to panic and fear for its life. Where might it have jumped?
smell good	Why would a person put flowers in a room with dirty gym socks?
uneven	The table wasn't level.  some parts were higher and some were lower with no rhyme or reason.   It was very what?
financial security	The person signed up for home insurance, what is he seeking?
prosecution	James know that committing murder was wrong, but he thought that he could get away with it.  He was really troubled  and fearful because of what?
mad cow disease	How can someone die from eating hamburger?
river	Where would using a boat not require navigation skills?
feel important	What does a self assured person often do?
conflict	He was very outgoing, for him making friends was no personal what?
satisfaction	What do you feel when giving assistance to the needy?
refrigerator	Paul wants carrots and doesn't need to drive anywhere. He gets them from where?
table	He was a sloppy eater, so where did he leave a mess?
life partner	What does every person want?
bird's nest	If a small flying animal picks up a string, where are they taking it?
confidence	He had no issue committing perjury, he had a what that he would get away with it?
athletic club	What could go to a tennis court?
water fountain	What could you use to fill a cup and then drink from it?
friend's house	The two played video games all night in the living room, he enjoyed visiting where?
cherry tree	The weasel ran up away from danger, somebody joked only our first president could get him down from the what?
body of water	If you were looking for a blowfish, you wouldn't look on dry land, you'd look in a what?
jet engine	George checked the rotor of the Apache, which wasn't powered by internal combustion, but by what?
table	The poker dealer spread the flop of cards across the what?
table setting	Where is a salt shaker most often kept?
pocket	Where would you put a dollar if you want to go to a store and buy something with it?
kitchen	What room is likely to have a sideboard on the counter?
airplane	What is unlikely to get bugs on its windshield due to bugs' inability to reach it when it is moving?
gap	What mall store sells jeans for a decent price?
at hotel	Where can a bath towel be borrowed?
become disillusioned	Why do people stop caring about their problems?
cliff	John rode on the plain until it reached the ocean and couldn't go any farther. What might he have bee on?
theater	They were never going to be big actors, but they all had passion for the local what?
beach	Where would you use a folding chair but not store one?
calluses	If you spend a long time shopping in uncomfortable shoes, you might develop what?
trouble	What does impeachment mean for the president?
inferior	Noble citizen of the Roman empire believed those born with lower status were what to them?
pain	Spraining an ankle while playing baseball will cause what?
restaurant	John was traveling to a new city and took time to check out a business.  He noticed that its carpet was stained with sauces and ketchup. What type of business might that be?
milwaukee	If you have a condo in a Wisconsin city known for beer, where are you?
medical chart	Where is hard to read note likely to be?
spend money	How does someone go about buying beer?
sidewalk	If there is gum on your shoe where did it likely come from?
make more money	If a person isn't able to pay their bills what must they do?
get in shape	What is main benefit to exercising?
unlikely	Steve thought that it was possible, but he agreed that it was what?
downtown	What region of a west coast U.S. city would you find a Japanese restaurant?
intimidation	What is a tactic used to interfere with learning about science?
happiness	What do people usually feel when falling in love?
zoo	The tiger was stuck in what animal prison where he got lazy and fat?
go out to play	What do parents tell a child to do on the weekend?
very loyal	Why are dogs often known as man's best friend?
bicycle shop	Where can you buy a two wheel transportation machine?
space	Where might an alien use a vacuum?
supermarket	Where do you buy condoms?
goat	What animal is known for being a follower?
wait for orders	The soldier was told to get to the rendezvous point, for there he was suppose to what?
shoot	If you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun?
work room	The hostess greeted the employees to the program, she then led them to their what?
cabinet	Where is a likely place to store unused soap?
painful	Loss of someone you love can cause what kind of feeling in your heart?
desk drawer	Where in your home would you keep a ballpoint pen when not in use?
matter to	James was someone who was caught in his own delusions.  To him, the truth didn't do what what?
subdivision	He wanted to live somewhere were every yard was uniform in size and landscaping, where should he look for a house?
chemistry lab	The flasks was used to distill elements, where was is being used?
cool off	What was the man encouraged to do after he expressed his anger violently?
music class	Where can a student learn to play a triangle?
open eyes	What do you need to do to use television if it is already turned on?
social event	The guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what?
petted	When you stroke a dogs fur what have you done?
drunker	Dan fell off a bar stool.  He did this because he was what than ever before?
sanded	The wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do?
follower	The chief saw his entire tribe wiped out, he was a leader with a single what?
cast shadow	The flower grew tall to compete for sunlight, what did its neighbor do?
road rage	If while driving to work another car makes a careless maneuver, what emotion might you feel?
unhealthy	What kind of food makes someone sick?
three vertices	Where would you find the sharpest parts of a triangle?
exit ramp	How might a automobile get off a freeway?
annoyance	What would it be if they get a surprising show over and over?
death	Sally thought that competing wasn't worth the risk. If she pushed more what might happen?
race track	John is sitting in a toilet stall in a bathroom, outside he can hear cars going around in circles.  What is the function of the place he is most likely at?
show	What event might one buy tickets for seats?
mall	The merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space?
babies	The newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what?
orbit	How does a planet usually move around the sun?
sharing of ideas	When a group of people are talking at work they might be doing what?
anger	What emotion leads to punching?
differently	They kept doing things the same, she suggested they also try doing things what?
tomales bay	Where could you find a shark before it was caught?
bar	Where is one likely to find poker chips?
move around	Dance can be elegant and specific, or you can just have fun and what?
music store	Where can one obtain a bass fiddle?
mentally challenged	Why does having a disability sometimes making academic tasks hard for a person?
learning	What is the purpose of playing games for children?
prison sentence	If for some reason you were to start killing people, what would you be likely to receive?
humor	If someone laughs after surprising them they have a good sense of what?
park	People played a variety of games in the soccer field.  It was the closest thing they had to what?
polytechnic	What is likely to have a better school cafeteria?
ignorance	When someone has little knowledge and is judging someone they are considered what?
work out	She wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what?
do enjoy	When you do something and have fun, its something you?
sell products	What is a salesman responsible to do at work?
feel better	How does going jogging generally affect one's self esteem?
bus depot	Where would you find people standing in a line outside?
lie	If you are committing perjury you have done what while under oath?
dictionary	Where can you find the meaning of "ficus"?
economic boom	When are people buying products more?
university	The buildings were intended to not have residential kitchens in them, what were they designed for?
bones	Animals come in all types, some fly thanks to their lightweight hollow what?
religion	The child felt like it was all pretend, he didn't understand what?
mountains	Where is a lake likely to be glacial?
food store	They needed grape juice for their party, they went to buy it and other snacks at the what?
desire to travel	Why do some people get passports and go to different locations?
bloom	Where do apples form on an apple tree?
major city	Where areas are there likely to be many nightclubs?
fly	What can machines do that humans cannot?
breathing	What does someone stop doing when being dead?
hallway	The place where my linen closet is really needs repainting a light color as it only has one overhead light.
skate	Punk rock music is an important part of what action sport?
old barn	Where might a mouse be found to make it country?
forest	Where is a bird likely to make it's home?
eat breakfast	When a person suffers from hunger early in the day what do they do?
talk	How would you express information if you do not have a pen or pencil?
afraid of	What does everyone feel of monsters?
learn about	Why does someone want to examine thing closely?
intoxication	What does 	drinking alcohol lead to?
orchestra	Where would your hear a bass clarinet along side other wood wind instruments?
lot of	What is the opposite of a little of something?
corrupt	The princess was pure, the evil wizard wished to do what to her?
stock certificate	The piece of paper was worth a lot of money, it was an old Apple Inc what?
stillness	During the winter hunt he could hear every motion in the woods, this was because of the what of everything?
bedroom	If a car-less person want to listen to talk radio in private, where might they listen to it?
round	Billy was an astronaut.  When he looked at the world from space, how did it look?
living room	Where is a good place to have a fireplace in a house?
dog's mouth	If you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it?
food court	Where would you find a kosher deli along side a number of different places to eat?
buy food	What do you do when you're going to market?
happiness	She feared that she had cancer, but upon discovering truth that she hadn't, what was her attitude toward life?
pleasure	What is the feeling of one having fun?
rug	If I keep getting crumbs under my table, what should I put under it?
born again	Christians believe you will go to heaven if you're what?
wipe out	James loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always do what?
open doors	Sarah gave her brother a guy to her home.  While she was gone, he used it to do what?
ancient times	When did mammoth's live?
remorse	After killing people, the murderer went to church after feeling what?
interruption	What might result in an unsuccessful suicide attempt?
disagreements	What can happen if you are buying products that someone else does not want you to buy?
say thank	The child was getting many gifts for his birthday, his father reminded him to do what after opening each one?
state park	Bob stands in the grass surrounded by trees and nature, where is Bob?
state fair	Bart entered his horse into the contest.  Where did he do this?
cloud	From where does a snowflake form?
repair shop	All the power tools like the drill used for fixing cars made for a very loud workplace where?
stress	Applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion, even if they get it?
great outdoors	A farmer sees a weasel in the woods, where is the farmer?
pond	He picked up the perfect pebble, he planned to skip it across the entire small what?
exhilarating	Traveling from new place to new place is likely to be what?
balkan peninsula	Turkey only has a small northern part of their country located in part of the what?
closet	Where might someone store a reusable shopping bag?
watching television	How could you have fun by yourself with no one around you?
maryland	The potato might be the official vegetable of what?
outdoors	Where is the sky most beautiful?
citrus	What type of fruit is easily broken in to sections?
passing out	Marathoners feel fatigued after running twenty six miles, but some that have pushed them self too hard might be prone to what?
death	Billy liked driving cars.  He was good at it.  But he was rattled ever since his father experienced what?
light fire	I am cold, what should I do to stay warm?
skin irritation	Copulating with the wrong partner may be ill advised, many diseases can be transferred that can cause different types of what?
show	What do audiences clap for?
music store	Where would you get a balalaika if you do not have one?
overcast	Hoping for a beautiful day, what did the clouds do that disappointed everyone?
reasonable	What type of demands to the unions need to be making to go off strike?
bridge	The landscaper was carefully arching stones together, he was creating an elaborate what over the creek?
unfortunate	John was not happy with his marriage. He and his wife drifted apart.     All and all, recent turns could be described as what?
crucial	The poor girls needed a light to see, what was the relationship between that light and finishing her homework?
venue	Where would you find a ticket booth and see a concert?
america	Who is not famous for a superhighway with no speed limit?
creek bed	The low trickle of water revealed a stone, where was the stone found?
neighbor's house	Where is the closest place from where you could borrow salt?
very old	No matter what date you put on it, we all know the universe to be what?
universe	A meteor travels through galaxies which are a part of what?
made fun of	What is a person considered a bully known for?
have conversation	She had an interest in the man, what did she want to do with him?
medicine cabinet	Where is a drug kept in a home bathroom?
done	When cooking sheep meat a lot of people might want to be well?
university	Where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree?
farming areas	Farm land makes use of what?
hope	A good interview after applying for a job may cause you to feel what?
advance knowledge	Computers have allowed everybody to answer questions they have quickly, but still we seem to be getting duller despite access to this what?
countryside	There was a long cottage somewhere.  People thought it was haunted.  It was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  It's was far into the what?
fairy tale	Where is knight always portrayed as a hero?
transit	James is carrying a duffel bag with him because he doesn't have a vehicle of his own and needs a bag to carry his things in while he uses what?
cigarette	What would you need if you want to smoke?
might win	James decided that competing was the right choice.   Not competing has a defined outcome, but if he competes then what could happen?
taxi	What could you use to get to some airplanes?
wheels turning	What happens when driving?
digesting	What are our bodies doing after having food?
malaise	Why would one try to avoid work?
buy tickets	What do you do in order to fly in airplane?
fair	What is another name for the color of the fur of a dog with light colored fur?
television	Sally was bored because she didn't like the junk that was on what?
aggressive	The lion sensed his competitor was timid, so what attitude did the lion take?
bedroom	John felt a snake slither over him as he rested.  He was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it.  Where might he be?
downtown	Where can you find a place to eat in an urban area close to local nightlife?
knowledge	You have to a lot of thinking while studying a new subject, but it is how you gain what?
send email	How will you communicate if you are far away from who you want to communicate with?
lie	Why would you not trust your friends after chatting with friends?
stock market	He came from old money and had a fortune, but he made new money making shrewd trades where?
ecosystem	Animals make up a large part of the?
container	At a shop what can you buy to put your spare unused things?
heartburn	A person with digestion issues eats a meat-filled breakfast, what does he feel?
do time	What is a prisoner sentenced to do?
being prepared	Jesse  enjoyed remembering the past because he helped him understand it.  And understanding the past helped him with doing what?
forest	David watched some nesting birds using his binoculars while on vacation.  Where might David be?.
beautiful garden	Where would you find many varieties of plants including a rosebush?
garden center	If I did not have a rosebush, where would I get one?
know what time	What does a person with a what likely do?
sharp claws	What are cats often known for?
airport	As he looked out the window, he knew the landing was happening soon, and it made him nervous, but where would he be soon?
found outside	Where can you find a dogs house?
eddie bauer	Tweed is a rare fabric in modern clothing, what brand should I look for when buying it?
fruit stand	If you really wanted a grape, where would you go to get it?
grab	What would you do to a rock when climb up a cliff?
hardware store	His compressor needed a new hose, where did he go?
soothing	The man closed his eyes as the music played, what effect did the music have?
new construction	Setting up framing, truss and beam are some of the first steps in what?
computer hard drive	What is another name for a disk for storing information?
